To the Worshipful Justices in Session of Peace assembled at Guild hall in & for the City & Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex

The humble Petition of Robert Allen

Sheweth That your Petitioner by Indenture dated the Twenty fifth Day of December 1765 did put himself Apprentice to David Blyth of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the said County Cabinet Maker & Upholsterer to learn his said Art & with him to served from the Date thereof for the Term of Seven Years In which sd Indenture the said David Blyth in Consideration of Twenty Six Pounds Paid to him as an Apprentice Fee covenanted to learn & instruct Your Petitioner the said Art & Mystery of a Cabinet Maker & Upholsterer

That Your Petitioner duly served the sd. David Blyth from the Date of the said Indenture until on or about the first Day of May last at which time Your Petitioner quitted his sd. Master's Service on Account of repeated Cruelty and ill Treatment received from him soon after which Your Petitioner sd. Master caused him to be Apprehended and comitted to Goal: But your Petitioner was the next Day discharged out of Custody on entering into Recognizance with two Sureties for his Appearance at this Session to Answer such Complaints as his sd. Master shall Exhibit against him. Whereupon your Petitioners went to his sd. Masters House but was by him refused Admittance so that your Petitioner has been ever since subsisted by one of his Guardians.

That altho' your Petitioner has served four Years and a half of his sd. Apprenticeship: Yet the said David Blyth has never employed him in his sd. Business of a Cabinet Maker & Upholsterer (Save & except in the sawing of Chair Frames & beating of Feathers) so that your Petitioner has been losing so much time as he has served and [...] a Stranger to the said Business at the Expiration of the Apprenticeship Your Petitioner being informed that a Person must be constantly employed in the sd. Business of a Cabinet Maker & Upholsterer the whole of a Seven Years Apprenticeship to be able to make any Proficiency therein.

That

That in Consideration of the Premes Your Petitioner humbly prays your Worships will be pleased to order him to be discharged from his said Master and that his sd. said Master may repay unto your Petitioners Guardians the Consideration or Apprentice Fee of Twenty Six Pounds paid to him at the Execution of the Indenture of Apprenticeship or such part thereof as to you Worships shall seem just & reasonable.

And your Petitioner shall ever pray Etc Robert Allen

Saturday next is appointed for hearing the Matters of this Petition

By the Court

[---]

