To the Right Worshipfull his Majesties Justices of the Peace in General Quarter Sessions Assembled.

The Humble Petition of Thomas Bones

Sheweth That Your Petitioner was about Michaelmas last Bound an Apprentice to Charles Stanton of the Parish of St. James in the Liberty of Westmr. Butcher, & that Your Petr. has been frequently beat & bruised by his sd. Master in a barbarous Manner, so that he cannot follow his Employmt. with Safety, And Yor. Petr. Pticularly sheweth that on 7th. Inst. his said Mar. broke open Your Petrs. box, and being Asked by the Worshipfull Justice Lambart (when afterwards Sumoned) why he did so, Answered, that he did not know but Your Petr. might have more in his box than belonged to him, however, upon searching Your Petrs. Cloaths which were in sd. box, found a Shilling, the property of Your Petr. which he took away, And afterwards between the hours of ten and Eleven at night without any Provocacon, beat and wounded Your Petr. wth. a Horse whip in a most in humane manner, and kicked & dragged him about the room, and sword if he did not go to bed he woud murder him; upon which ill usuage of Your Petrs. said Master, Your Petr. made his Case known to Justice Lambart who granted a Sumons for his said Master to appear, which he did, accordingly and Your Petr. being then Strip'd before said Justice, there were upon Your Petrs. back and Arms several Violent Marks and Bruises, and Pticularly in the Small of his back a Wound of a fingers length, whereupon Your Petrs. said Master was bound over; And Your Petr. further sheweth that on 11th. Inst. he was by his said Master Ordered to Carry a Joint of Meat to One Arnolls in Charles Street Westmr. wch. he accordingly Did, And a Person or two (Unknown to Your Petr.) followed him into said Arnolls house (who being a Constable) they shewd a Warrt. & Desired said Arnoll to serve it on Your Petr. but Arnoll begd to be Excused, having some business of greater Importance to be Dispatched, whereupon, one Mr. Bunt said Arnoll's Partner was sent for, who Servd said Warrt. on Your Petr. which done, said Bunt with the aforesaid two others, Carried Your Petr. before Justice Cotton, and after a Slight Examinacon, A Mittimus was prtended to be made, and Your Petr. was threatned to be sent to Bridewell if he did not come to some Agreement with his said Master, So that Your Petr. being very much terrified at such Threatnings as aforesaid, Did sign a General Release, (which Your Petr. believes was ready filld up) and then he was Discharged out of Custody and returned home, when Your Petrs. said Mar. had some little Conference wth. him about the Matter, and Pticularly amongst other things, Charged Your Petr. (that if any Questions shoud be asked him about it) to say, that he Signed such Release freely and without Compulsion, but Your Petr. being Terrified as aforesaid, these rather to sign such Release as aforesaid, then to go to Jail

Thomas Bones

Your Petr. therefore humbly prays this Worshipfull Court will grant an Order for his sd. Mar. to appear & shew Cause why Your Petr. shd. not be Discharged from his sd. Indre of Apprenticehood

And your Petr. shall ever pray

