To the Worshipfull Mr. Chairesman & the [...] Justices of the Peace for the Citty and Liberty of Westminster in Sessions Assembled.

The humble Petition of Richard Read

Sheweth That for about Twenty years your Petitionr and his wives former husband were Rabrers of Bedford-Bury-ward in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields in the County of Middx Untill that at Easter 1714 Mathew Smith Chaire maker and Edward Smith Soape maker were chosen Scavengers of the Said ward, who (as well for want of their Books, as Under Hopes of being Excused from Serveing the said Office) entered not on the Same of a Considerable time after the Said Easter 1714 dureing which time Nevertheless your Petitionr Clike as in former years he was Accustomed to do dureing the Intervals twixt the Services of new and Old Scavengers) continued to cleane the Streets within the Said Ward, till about ten dayes before Midsumr. 1714 the Said new Scavengers were pleased to appoint one Harding as their Raker your Petitionr however continued on his duty till Midsumr day 1714 And well hoped the Said New Scavengers would at least have paid his accustomed Quarter's Sallary (being £18) then due, and which he demanded of them, And on their refuseal thereof your Petitionr. Applyed himselfe to the Justices of the Peace in a Vestery at St. Martins soone after the Said Midsumr. 1714 and often afterwards, till that at length the Consideration and Settlement of the Matter was refered to Cott Coun, Mr. Cragg and Mr. Owen three of his Maties Justices of the Peace for the said Liberty of Westmr. who have been pleased, at least three Several [...] times to meete or Sitt to Consider of the Same, and appeared to be of oppinion th [...] ye Petitionr ought to be paid for the said Quarter ending at Midsumr 1714 and Rec [...] ended to the said new Scavengers so to do, Which nevertheless they refuse, Allead go [...] that they have paid their own Raker (and ever for the said Qartr. that ye Petitioner did the work) and have bidd defeyance to your Petitionr. declareing themselves resolve to answer his Demands at Law.

Your Petitionr. therefore is inforced thus to Supplicate your Worpps for Such (reliefe in his case (thus and so hardly circumstanced) as to your Worpps in yr. great wisdoms shall Seeme Just and equitable

And your Petitionr. will ever pray

