To the Worshipfull Thomas Burdus Esqr Chairman and to the Rest of His Majties Justices of the Peace now Assembled at the Generall Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden in for the City and Liberty of Westminster

The Humble Petition of Sarah Auterac Widw. of Charles Auterac late of Church Street in the Parish of St. Anns in the said Liberty Tallow Chandler Deced

Most humbly Sheweth That Yor. Petrs. husband the said Charles Auterac Did by Indentures of Apprentiship bearing Date the 18th. of Augst 1740 take One Robert Bushell an Apprentice to learn him the Trade of a Tallow chandler without any Considertaion Money

That Your Petrs. said Husband Dyed in February last not leaving Your Petitioner Fortune Sufficient to Subsist herself and Family without carrying on the Trade for their Support.

That sometime after Yor. Petrs. said Husbands Death the said Robert Bushell who had been run away from his Master about Six Months came Home to Your Petitioner and Promised as his Master was Dead he would be have as a Faithfull Servant to her and upon such Promise and upon his Fathers Promiseing he should behave well Your Petitionr. Did receive the said Robert Bushell again whe Acted in different well but a small time and then he took to laying out a Night frequently and to come home Drunk at all times of the Night making a Noise and Disturbing the Neighbourhood and Swearing he would break the House open Imediately if Your Petr. did not let him in, and [...] would go and come when he Pleased even at times when there was a great hurry of Business, And on or about the 11th Day of November last Your Petr. having Occasion to go up Stairs into the Maids Room catched the said Robert Bushell and her Servant Maid a Bed together

That on the 18th. Day of the said Month of Novembr. the said Robert Bushell Attempted to go to Bed to One Elizabeth Peas

Peace now a Servant to Your Petitionr. at about 12 o Clock at night by Breaking open the Door of her Room, and Because the Maid would not Consent to let him Debauch here he bred a Great Disturbance in Your Petrs. House and all her Family

Your Petr. therefore most hbly Prays that this Honble Court will be pleased in Regard that Your Petr. is a Widw. and not Able to Deal with such an Jolle and Disorderly Apprentice to Order that the said Robert Bushell may Shew Cause why he should not be Discharged from his said apprentice and why the said Robt. Bushell should not make Your Petr. Satisfaction for the Remainder Part of his time being about Nine Months or that this Honble Court will make such other Order herein as shall seem meet

And Yor. Petr. as in Duty bound will every pray Etc

Sarah Anterac

