To the Worshipful his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the City and Liberty of Westminster at the Quarter Sessions at Guildhall Assembled

The Humble Petition of George Dawson Apprentice to Alexander Smith of Parliament Street Westmr. Sadler

Sheweth That your Petitioner was by Indenture bearing Date the Twenty Sixth Day of October One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixth Eight with the Consent of his Father Edward Dawson bound Apprentice to the said Alexander Smith for the Term of Seven Years from the Date thereof And the said Alexander Smith in Consideration of Fifteen pounds to him paid by Your Petitioners said Father covenanted to teach your Petitioner in the Art of a Sadler, by the best means he could and also to find and Provide for your Petitioner Sufficient meat Drink and Lodging and all other Necessaries during the said Term

That your Petitioner has been left in the House of his said Master three Days together without any other Provision than Bread and Water that he could get at and your Petitioners said Master has left him in the same Manner without Provisions many other times for a Day together

That your Petitioners said Master has been without a maid Servant for many Months together during all which time your Petitioner has been obliged to do the greatest part of the Work of a Servant instead of Learning his Business

That your Petitioners said Master will not teach or Instruct your Petitioner in the Business nor Permit his Journeyman so to do; therefore your Petitioner is Convinced that he shall not be able to get a Sufficient Knowledge of the Business to Enable him to get his Living when he is out of his Time

Wherefore your Petitioner most humbly Prays your Worships to Discharge him from his said Apprenticeship, and to order the said Alexander Smith his Master to return

a due Proportion of the Money given to him with your Petitioner as aforesaid or to Relieve your Petitioner in such other Manner as your Worships shall think Proper And your Petitioner shall ever Pray Etc.

Etc.

See the Case hereunto annexed.

To prove that the master has need his Apprentice well & never intentionally but though the Hurry of Business omitted to give him Money to buy his Dinner [...] [---] to prove The Apprentice

To prove that the Apprentices Brother Spirits ye. Boy away-& ward either to sent him to Jasmine or to his Father to keep his Books Do.

To prove that the Boy is as forward as any Boy severally is of his age in the knowledge of [...] Trade & can make a Saddle Etc Call} Jno. Take Mr. Chr [...]

To ask the App. if he cart Duke 2 budd [...] a week the [...] kes only down ten Munities to cash a addle

