To the Worshipful his Majesties Justices of the peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster Assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the peace

The Humble petition of John Ainsworth

Sheweth That your petitioner his Wife and three Sons obtained a Legal Settlement in the parish of St. Leonards Foster Lane Your petitioner having been with his said Family an Householder in the Liberty of St. Martins Le Grand within the sd. Parish for the Space of two years & paid Twelve pounds P Ann Rent

That your petitioner with his sd Family for his Convenience about two years Since removed into the parish of Christ Church in the County of Surry the Officers of which parish have required & Insisted that your petitioner should procure a Certificate that he & his sd Family had a Legal Settlemt. elsewhere or in default thereof threatned to remove them out of the said parish which if Effected would tend to his great prejudice

That your petitioner in March last applyed to George Scarletta Constable in St. Martins le Grand who went to Edmund Brookes Clerk to Thomas Gouge Esqr. Justice of the peace for the City & Liberty of Westmr. & County of Middlesex who prepared such Certificate and was paid for the same by your Petitr. as was also the said Scarlet for his trouble and they both Saw Humphey Child & James Monk Churchwardens & John Margary Overseer of the poor of the sd. parish of St. Leonards Foster Lane Sett their hands & Seals thereto which they did being well Satisfyed that your petitr. & his said Family had their last Legall Settlemt. in the sd. Parish

That your Petrs. Wife hath had a Great deal of Trouble besides Charge & Expence to Obtain such Certificate

That altho such Certificate is true & as Compleat as is required by Law as to the partyes Signeing the Same yet the sd. Brookes by the Order of the sd. Justice Gouge As your petr. is ready to prove upon Oath refuses to Attest the Signeing & Sealing the sd Certificate as by Law is required without any Just reason that can be Given by the sd Justice Gouge for such his Orders to his sd. Servant And the said Scarlett refuses to Attest the sd Certificate or make Oath thereof till the said Brookes hath Attested the same

Your petitr. therefore humbly prays your Worships that the sd. Brookes & Scarlet may be Ordered to Attend yor. Worships at this General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to Answer your petrs. Complaint and further to do as this Court shall Direct

And your petitr. shall Ever pray Etc

John Ainsworth

