To the Rr. Worshipfull his Majties. Justices of Peace for the Liberty of Westmsr.

The Petition of William Dawson

Humbly Sheweth That your Petr. keep a Coffee house near ye. End of Queen street Westminstr. and that Fifteen Months agoe the Constable of that Ward came to your Petr. (but whether upon a General or Particular Direction of this Honble. Bench Pet. knows not) and asked if he had any Table [...] Instruments of Gaining, to which yr. Petr. answer'd that he had only one pair of Tables which [...] in his house when he brought the Goods thereof altogether but they were never made use of for the pray of Gaming, Notwithstanding wch. yrs. Petr. was return'd by the sd. Constable as a person keeping a Disorder in tended to Traverse, as he might well do, the bare keeking or having Such an Instrument in his house being (as he humbly Conceives) no Gaming, or any Offence within the Wards or Intention of any of the Statutes of this Realm, But yr. Pet. being a Person of known Reputation and unblemished Credit was advised by some of this Honble. Bench in kindness to yr. Pet. and to Save him all farther Charge and Attendance not to Traverso yr. Indictmt. and that upon his entering into Bond for yr. further and to keep any Gaming house, all proceedings should Cease, and that he should be at liberty to withdraw his Recognizance by which he Stood bound to this Honle. Court, which sd, Bond yr. Pet. was ready to give, and did give to the Worshippful Justice Broreton, Tho: he was entirely [...] of the Cargo contained in the sd. Indistmt. and had never kept, or intended to keep [...] Disorderly house, and accordingly, apprear'd in Court at yr. Session, and there paid his That he Conceives for withdrawing yr. sd. Recognizance. to wit 3s:6d: But about a mouth a [...] a person who yr. Petr. takes to be an Officer of this Honble; Court came to yr. Petr. and Showed him Writing which contain'd the names of Several Persons, among which was that of yr. Petr and demanding Money from him, intimated that he would make the Matter easre sd But because yr. Petr. did not comply with his sd. unjust and Extortious Demand, concerving he could have no such Authority from this Hondble. Court, and that his sd. Recognizance was abroad yr. withdrawn he having paid his Fees for that purpose, as he has before inform'd yr. Worshipfull The Sd. Person told yr. Petr. that he would try if he could not give him Trouble and make him Repent it or Word to the like Effect, and accordingly yr. Petr. finds the Indictmt. and Recognizance not yet discharg'd, but by what Means your Petr. known not, and also a How Demand upon himself 27s for a Fine sd. The truth of all which Premisses yr. Petr. is [...] to Attest and therefore

Humbly prays that as your Worships have a Corrcive power and Authority over all the Officers of the Court, that you would Vouch fase to do him Justice and grant him such Reliefe as the Meritts of his Case do Require, and these you will be pleas'd to order his Sd. Bond may be delive'd into him

And your Petr. Shall ever Pray

