To ye: Worshipful Bench of Justices for ye: City & Liberty of Westmr:

The humble Petition of Francis Geary

Sheweth That yr: Petitioner humbly thanks this Worpll. Bench and Honble Gentlemen of ye: Committee (that Inspected into ye: Abuses of ye. Gatehouse prison) for their favorable Report; which they were so pleas'd to make to this Honble: Court, in favour of ye: Petitioner: and according to ye: Order given him, on Friday ye: 15th: of this Instant; ye. Petitioner, with all Submission will Obey ye: Sd: Order, only Excepting against one Article (which is under Written) in ye: Sd: Order in case ye: worships thinks Proper, which is to ye: great prejudice of ye Petr:

That yr: Petitioner, will in Person attend, ye: Second day in every Quarter Sessions, whilst he continues in his Office; and deliver to ye: Honble: Court, an Account in Writing, of all Charities, that comes into ye sd. Goal (between ye: time of holding every Such Quarter Sessions) and how ye: same was Distributed, so far, as ye Same Shall come to his hand, power, or knowledge And yr: Petition will take Care, that all such Charities brought to ye: Sd: Goal, Shall be duely Distributed amongst ye. Prisoners; and that he will give a Receipt to ye: Person, or persons, that brings ye: same; and also that he will procure a Note, Sign'd by ye: Prisoners, to testify ye: giving of such receipt and Distribucon of such Charities.

That yr: Petitioner, will cause to be put Up, in some Publick part of ye: Sd: Goal, a list of his Fees, to be taken, from Debtors, Trespassess Felons, as Settled by Act of Parliament and this Honble. Court; and Replace ye: Same, as often as Defaced: and likewise he will put Up, a Coppy of ye: Cause, in ye: Statute, of ye: 22d. and 23d. of Cha. 2d, And not Suffer Debtors and Fellons to Lodge together in one Room; neither will he presume, to put any Prisoner, in that Room call'd ye: Debtors Comon Side, untill it be, to ye: Satisfaction of this Honble: Court. And it's to be Observed, that only one Person, and but for two Night, has lain in ye Sd: Room for three Years past.

That yr: Petitioner; Appeals, to this Honble: Court; against that part of ye Order. viz. That ye. Keeper of ye: Gatehouse Prison, at any time after Notice of this Order, Shall not take any Fees, Sumes of Money, or other things whatsoever, in lieu, of or under pretence of Fees, from any Prisoner whatsoever, brought thither in ye: Night time, and not Committed by some Justice, or Justices of ye Peace, of ye: Sd: City & Liberty of Westminster which Sd: Clause, in ye: Sd: Order, is so Prejudicial to yr: petitioner, considering ye: small number of Prisoners that have been Committed to ye: Sd: Goal of late, that yr: Petr: lies under an Apprehension, that he must inevitably lose all his Substance, as he has laid out in Purchasing ye: Sd: Goal, and never be able to pay his Rent, or keep ye: Prison in Repair, as ye: following Reasons will make appear

That your Petitioner, or his Deputy, are oblig'd to rise out of their Beds, at all hours in ye Night to take in Prisoners; which most comonly comes in Drunk, and makes great Disturbances in ye: Sd: Goal, which causes many times ye: whole family to Set up all night, burning Fire and Candle; especially in ye. Winter Season But in case ye: Sd Prisoners are Sober, then ye: Maid of ye: House, also, is oblig'd to rise for to put them to Bed; for which Bed, or Beds; yr. Petr: takes no more than one Shilling for a Week, so Lodging from other people and very often times not one farthing; which Usage to Prisoners, is not to be met with, in any Goal, in or about London; which can be proved by Persons, that have been Committed to ye: very Worst of Prison and for ye: very worst of Beds, were demanded to pay half a Crown down, before they were Admitted to go therein; and often times to ye: Better Sort, Three Shillings and Six pence Pr: Week, if they lay but one Night there.

That yr: Petr: or his Deputy (and many times other Persons which they Hire) are oblig'd to attend night Prisoners, to ye: Justices; Some times three or four days together, and to all part of ye: City & Liberty of Westmr: and may times Stays in an Ale house, four or five Hours, waiting for ye: Justices to there great loss of Money & time, which is very Considerable.

Therefore yr: Petr. most humbly Prays; that ye: Worshipful Bench, would be so pleas'd to Repeal ye: Order of Night prisoners, for no Goaler before yr: Petitioner, was ever deny'd taking half Fees for there trouble, for such Prisoners, brought to Prison in ye. Night time; or any Releif, as to yr: Worships Goodness, & Clemency thinks most meet.

And yr: Petitioner Shall for ever Pray Etc.

Fran: Geary.

