To the Worshipfull Hath: Blackerby Esqr Chairman, and ye Rest of his Majesties Justices of ye Peace, in their Quarter, Sessions Assembd.

The Petition of Geo: Cuppage Cler humbly Sheweth, yt Yr. Petitioner Man reed Mary ye Elder daughter of Thomas Burke last of St. James Vintner in ye Year 1717; That you Petioner was prevaild. on by ye Sd. Burk and his Wife is ye Year following to Accept of an Estate in Essex of 88 Pds. [...] And. most part Copy hold and Ruinous for his Life only, in Leiv of a 1000 Pds Settled Some Years before, on [...] each of his daughters, (they being Protestants) That Your Petioner Possessd. ye sd. Estate, for about 12 Years without any Inter ruption or demands, and in yt time, so much improvd. ye Same Selling his Pater hal Estate thereto, as to Let it to good Tenants for 13b Pdt. P Ann an upwards, That yr. Petioner thought, he had at all Emergencies Securd. therefrom a competence for his Children Edmation and Sustenance, But So it is, ye ye. Sd. Burk out of an Unjust and Unnatural Disposition, and ye Evil Instigations of one John Burk an Wish Attn who married ye other Daughter has be a Deeree is Chancers, Against wch, your Petioner made no defence thinking yt through ye Incapcity of Burk as a Papist, he would not put ye Same in Execution Got into Possession of ye whole Estate and yt Yr. Petioner has brought his bill in Chancery to be releivd. from ye Premisses, but ye two Burk's Evade an [...] uering, in hopes to starve Ye. Petioner and his Large family to a complganed with their Un reasonable demands; and as they Endeavour to Starve, to your Petioner has reason to Apprehend, they are ye Authors of Vilifying Notes, dispersed in his Neighbour hood in these Words, (Here lives Cuppage that Informed Against his father for being a Roman) one of wch dropd in ye airy of ye Church Wardn house who had releivd. Yr. Petioners family, is now in your Petioner's Custody. That Yr. Petioner has a Wife and eight Children living, ye Youngest Sinking the breast, that Bread and Milk, Oat meal and Water have been their

Cheifest

Cheifest, and for mary days together, their only Support, and those of ten times psocurd. by Sale of his houshold goods. That Yr. Petioner is Unable Under Such Perplexity Distress and Oppressions to Apply himselfe to his Tunction, and therefore humbly hopes, Yr. Worships will Grant Such Releife, as by Law and good Concience may be done, by Making an Order on ye Sd. Burk to allow weekly, so much as yr. Worships Shall think mee for [...] Necessary Maintenance of Yr. Petioner Children, and Yr. Petioner as in Duty bound Will Pray.

Geo: Cuppage

April ye [...] 7th 1738

