The humble Memoriall of Damask Buss wife of Eward Buss

Sheweth. That she was Marryed to the Sd Edward Buss 20th. of Novr. 1700, as she hath and Can make Appear by ye. Register.

That she Continued with him in a happy State of Matrimony upward of twelve years; after which the sd Edward Buss took to a Licentions way of Liveing, detesting Your Memoriallist, & useing her Most barbarously, by inveterately breaking her Collar bone tying her to a beds Post, and there Breaking her head which Cost 17s ye. Cureing, and bringing a Penknife to bed to Murther her all which usage the Sd Damask Buss bore with the Patience becomeing a Wife willing to live with her sd Husband, her love to him was such, not withstanding he daily exposed her by the Publick Errors of his Life

In Easter Week last ye. Sd Edw: Buss turned out of Doors his Sd Wife, to have ye Greater Oppertunity of Freely Liveing in too open a Manner with another Woman, which his Sd Wife never Complain'd off the [...] itt almost Broke her heart.

After which, he Offered to Maintain his sd Wife by a Seperate maintenance which now ball together refuseth on so much that she is destitute of all manner of Support

That she hath been Arrested by ye. base woman he now Cohabits with wch. Cost ye. sd Damask Briss upwards of 40s before the could be discharged Since Which ye. Sd Edw: Briss hath Proposed to Allow his Sd wife a very small support, Provided she would enter into Bonds by a former name, whereby she must disown her Marriage, & then become the Object of his Contempt

That to bear her Change as Above Mentioned she hath made away Most part of her Cloths & beig thus reduc'd hath no hopes of liveing by being supported by her husband, who hath a great, and good trade & mony Plenty enough to live well after his own way, which she doth not complain off, if she could but have a Maintenance, such as in Justice shall be thought Fitt

That the Sd Edw: Briss Promis'd to pay ye. Memoriallists rent, which he hath not done since he Turned her off, there being half a year Due at Michmas which will be one Pound.

And for her Maintenance she hath only had 5s Charity Mony, since Justice Raylton ordered him to allow her a Maintenance all which she humbly recomends that she may be Supported & not be Burthen some to the Parish

