To the Worshipfull the Chairman and Other his Majties: Justices of the Peace for the City and Libty of Westmr. in their Genall Quarter Sessions of the Peace Assembled

The Humble Petion of the Shop keepers Tradesmen and Inhabitants in and about Russell Street Drury Lane And other parts Adjoyning in the sd. Libty of Westmr. whose names are hereunder Subscribed

Most Humbly Sheweth That at the Genall Quarter Sessions of the peace held for the sd. City and Liberty in June last Your Petionrs. did by their Petionr to this Court Sett forth that Severall Lewd and Disolate Persons took up their residence in the Neighbourhood Adjoyning to Your Petionrs. in and about Russell Street and Drury Lane where Great Disorders and Outerys in the Night Fighting Robberies and all Sorts of Debanchery were Comitted there to the Great Disturbance of Your Petionrs and the rest of the Neighbours & that Your Petionrs. Should be Obliged to their Great damage to Quit their Habitations for the Sake of their Quiet and to prevent their Children & Servants being Currupted by those Wicked wretches if Some Speedy means were not used to Suppress the Same And it was therefore Prayed by Your Petionrs. that this Court would be pleased to take the premisses into Consideration & to provide Such Speedy & Effectuall means for the Suppressing Such notorious Disorders as this Court Should think fitt Upon wch. Humble Petion this Court was pleased to make an Order of Refferance to Sevl. of his Majtie. Justices of the peace for the sd. City & Liberty who mett as a Comittee Pursuant to Such order at Sunday Vestrys from time to time and Examined Your Petionrs. And others And have Issued out their Wants Agst. A Great Number of Disorderly house keepers in the sd. Neighbourhood And Agst. Wicked Idle and Disorderly person's frequenting Such Houses

That Throg. the Blessing of Almighty God and the Care and Pains of the Worthy Gentlemen of the sd. Comittee by their Constant & frequent meetings there have been a Great Number of Such wicked persons taken and Apprehended and brought to Justice for such their Evill Practices

That Your Petionrs. have Indicted Sevl. Disorderly house Keepers in the sd. Neighbourhood who are now under Prosecution Some of whome have fled from Justice and have removed their Habitations to the Great Satisfaction of Your Petionrs. That Some other's Still remain and Cary on their Wicked practices as Aforesd

That Your Petionrs. being thorowly Scensible of the Great Services the sd. Comittee have Done by Order of this Court in Suppressing a Great Number of Disorderly and wicked persons so rageing Amongst us.

Therefore Your Petionrs. takes this Oppertunity of returning our most humble and Hearty thanks to this Court for the Great Good the sd. Comittee have already Done And that the Sd. Comittee will please to Continue and Examine further into the Disorders wch. Still remain in the Sd. Neighbourhood and other Places Adjoyning in order Totally to Suppress the same

And Your Petionrs. as in Duty Bound Shall Ever Pray Etc

Patrick Russell minr

Jonas Clifton gane Lloyd Timothy Clony Daniel Sandford Will: Bodle Will: Welsh Jno. Addams

Geo: Sadlen E. Walter Jos: Bissell John Wheeler Thos Prest Chr: Hardiss John Hoand James Mailhet Henry Minekye Jos Pagett Wm: Richins Wm: Richard Wm Lane

