To ye Rt. Worshipll. His Maties Justices of ye Peace for the City & Libty of Westmr. on the County of Midd Assembled in their Genll Quarter Sessions

The humble Peticon & Appeale of Hugh Davis of the parish of St. Anne in the sd. Libty of Westmr: Victs

Sheweth That on or about the 21st. day of December last Yor: Petr. did receive notice in writing that Mr Gabriel Barbanson did intend to pull down ye party Walls adjoyning [...] to two [...] Houses belong [...] of Yor Petrs. the [...] M Moore Street & the others in Church Street in the said parish of St. Ann Westmr.

That pursuant to the said Notice Yor: Petr: die within three weeks from the Date thereof name two able workmen on his behalf to view the said party Wall so intended to be pulled down which said two Workmen with two other able Workmen named by the said Gabriel Barbanson did on the fifteenth day of January then next following view the said party Walls but could not agree that the said Walls were defective & ruinous and ought to be pulled down

That [---] on or about the 19th. day of April last Yor. Petr. did receive another notice in writing under the Hand of the said Gabriel Barbanson that the sd. Mr Barbanson did intend to pull down the before mencond particon Walls

That pursuant thereto Yor. Petr: did again name two able men on his part to view the same & very much to Yor Petrs. surprize the very last day before the expiracon of three weeks from the date of the said last mencond notice Yor: Petr: did receive notice in Writing under the hand of the said Mr Barbanson to view the said Partition Walls

That eleven of the said Workmen so named by the said Mr Barbanson together with the two Work men named by Yor Petr: did on the 15th day of May last meet together & view the said Particon Walls

but neither of the Workmen named by yd Petr. could agree that the said Walls were respective of rumours or ought to be pull'd down

Notwithstanding which the said eleven Workmen so named by the said Mr. Barbanson (without the consent or Approbacon of either of the Workmen named by ye Petrs.) [---] have Signed a Certificate to this Court wherein they call themselves the Mayor part of the workmen appointed to view the said Particon Walls & have certified that the same are defective and ruinous & ought to be pulled down

That Yor. Petr. has been press'd of the [...] has no longer Interest in the said Houses that the term of four year & an half & the said Partition Walls as yor. Petr. is an form'd are able to stand for thirty year

Yr. Petr. therefore thinks himself aggrieved by the said Certificate Complaint against the same & humbly prays Yd Worships will be pleased to make such Order in the Prmisses for relief of Yor. Petr. as in yd Discretions you shall them ye first reasonable

And yr. Petr. shall ever pray Etc Hugh Davis

