To the Worshipfull his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the Liberty of Westminster in their General Quarter Sessions Assembled

The Humble Petition of the Prisoners for Debt Confin'd in his Majties. Prison of the Gate house Westminster

Sheweth That Francis Geary the Keeper of the Prison and his Agents have been guilty of the severall Extor tions and Abuses following, that is to say They have taken two pence in the Shilling out of the Sacrament Money, and proportionably out of all other Exlesiastical Charities for writing down the Names of the persons Intituled there to and carrying the said Names to the Abbey. That they have inserted the Turnkey and his Wife and severall others no ways Intituled to the said Charities in such Lists.

2d. That the said Geary & his Agents on or about July last secreted a Gift of the Lady Robinson's of ten Shillings & applied it to their own use And also that they Extorted Six pence a man out of a late gift of 12 Stone of Beef and Sixty leaves of Bread, or else they wou'd have deprived those who had refused to pay the same of their Shared of such Charity And did actually take one Stone of Beef and five Leaves of Bread from one Prisoner, which was given by another, and which Bread and Beef they Eat in their own Family.

3. That they neglect to put up any List of such Charities as belong to the said Prison by which means the Prisoners are Ignorant of their relief, and consequently great Sufferers, And that they also Stopt out of a publick Charity £4..10..0 being due to the Said Geary from a Felon before they made a general Distribution by means of which the other prisoner's proportions were greatly diminished And two Debtors did not receive one farthing.

4. That the said Geary and his Agent's neglect to furnish the Goal as it ought to be and Extort for the Lodgings more than is allowable by Act of Parliament tho' not a quarter furnish'd And in those very Rooms frequently Lodge Felons, and other disorderly Persons committed in the Night time with the person who pay for the Said Rooms more than is allow'd by Parliamt. as aforesaid.

5. That the Said Geary and his Agents extort three Shillings and Six pence of every Prisoner who comes in Contrary to and in defiance of all Law which 3s.6. they dispose of on the following manner. One Shilling to Mrs. Geary, 3 Pence to the Furnkey's Wife & 3 Pence to Geary's Maid, and the other two Shillings, is [...] in Bignold's Bed Chamber or Lodge.

6. That the Said Geary and his Agents, particularly the Turnkey and his Wife frequently threaten [...] to beat the Prisoners, and refuse to admit persons to come to them by which they suffer great inconvencies & are hinder'd from providing necessaries for themselves, according to the allowance of the Act of Parliament. And lastly that the Said Geary suffers the Said Peal to be so exceeding Nasty for want of Wasting & Cleaning that it [...] will, if not soon presented be of very ill Consequence, and in danger of Breeding a Sickness.

Your Petitioners therefore most humbly Implore Your Worships to take this [...] their Calamitous ease into Your tender and Humane Consideration, and to appeal

a Committee of Your Worships to inspect the said Prison and examine into the truth of the Severall facts above Stated all which we doubt not to poore intired to your Worship's satisfaction, And we do humbly beg Your Worships to assist us with such relief in the premisse as Your Worships in your great Judgment and Humanity shall think Lawfull Necessary and proper

And your Petitioners as in duty bound shall ever pray Etc.

J: Innes Jn o: Wilson James Gerard Ann Allen Fra Wd Gregory Anthony Ivory Mary Willton Jno: Johnson

