To The Honorble Sir John Gonson Chairman, & the rest of the honorble. bench of Justices of his Majesties Peace Etca.

Edward Gregory aged 83 Years, prisoner for Debt in the Gatehouse Westminster

Most humbly Sheweth That your honor's Petitr. has been herein confinement Since 17 August last past in which Space of time all my friends have left me I am now in the most deplorable condition imaginable for since 25 May Fr: Geary Keeper has turned me on the Common Side, a place worse than the Spanish inquisition it wanting Several material repairs Such as the plaistering over head to be help'd Scarsely one can go in to it without pounds weights falling on their heads, a Continual dust falling down when any one passes over head, one of the windows sd. Fr. Geary has lissened by a half alltho, hill barefaced by endeavours affirm that he has made a new window in it whereas Sd. window was made when the Goal was built, as may be easily seen when compared with the windows adjacent thereto, at sd. window there's a Chimney of a Shade all most in a levell wt. Sd. window, which fills sd. Common Side with a continued Smoak very insufferable that colipses that very little light that's therein. Sd. Shade is a meer imposition & in fringement on the privileges of the Jail as well as on the Common passage Likewise Sd. Fr. Geary, openly & avowedly, keeps me from the privilege of the begging box; which in all Goals is allowed to the Debtors of ye Comon side, and he allows people to be partakers of sd box, who by all appearance have no need of it & who by on the masters side Etca this he persists in alltho' I have demanded my dues Several times of Sd. Geary, or his deputy

Wherefore your honor's petitr. most humbly implore's your honor's protection in this imposition, that You would be pleased to take into consideration this my wretched state, & as far as is consistant with Justice & Equity you would order & command sd. Geary to give me my just dues which he has to long kept from me. That sd common Side may be repaired, that I or any who come those may n't be indangerously being Knocked in the head, or Smoothered in the ruins of a wold plaistering Etca. And that the Clause of an act of Parliament Car: may be put up in a publick place in the Jail, which sd. Honble. Court ordered Sd. Geary to put up sometime ago. & which he promised to do, in his petition of 22d. June last (2d. day of Qr. Sesso.) which is contempt of Sd. Honble. Court he has left undone, not has he acted according to any promise he made in Sd petition. Etca. That felono may n't be allowed to come near, nor drink, & nor riot before my door place in all ages, that has belonged to Sd. Drs. Common Side, till forcbd, Fr: Geary has made new Customs, which before a Lord Chief Justice he

he would, Shake like ye Quaking Asptree, to hear rehearsed, (the fox run's as long as he has feel) Your honors Petitr humbly declares that us not out of Malice hatred, or envy that I address my self to to this honorble. Court; (in which The Kings real person is allways to be supposed to be present) he the sd. Geary rather ought to be pityd than envied, He being conducted & led on by a parcell of old woemen like Judith Geary his wife Etca. who would be much better employed in preparing themselves to appear before that impartial tribunal where they & I on account of our great age must inevitably be soon arraigned. Your honor's condescension & commiseration in this my pity full case, will bay an dersud obligation on him who will as in duty bound, for ever pray Etca. 8 August 1733.

Edwd Gregory

It may be fully observed that above Sd. Judith wife of Fr: Geary very maliciously meddles & concerns herself with the Charities that good christian people Sends here, Pay She endeavours to conceal from on part, that the other part, he creatures & tools may have the mose, whereas she has no bussiness with Such affairs, nor indeed of any use in the jail, she not having stood wraight on her feel these sevl. years, consequently could be of no use were all ye Prisoner making their Escape.

Edwd Gregory

To The Honorable Sr. John Gonson Etca & the rest of the Honble. Bench of Justices Etca.

The humble petition of Edward Gregory Debtor in the Gatehouse Comon side

referred to Mr. Faine Mr. Farwell Mr. Ludby Capt. Burden & Mr. Harper or any two to view & report at ye adjournmt. day

