To the Worshipfull His Majestie's Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster at the General Session of the Peace Assembled.

The Humble Petition of Henry Bytham Apprentice to David Blyth of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the County of Middlesex Cabinet Maker and upholder.

Sheweth That by Indenture of Apprenticeship bearing date the 28th day of February 1766 your Petr. did bind himself unto the said David Blyth and him to serve after the manner of an Apprentice in the said Trade or business from the day of the date of the said Indenture for the Term of seven years And the sd. David Blyth did in and by the said Indenture, in consideration of £30. (£26 part whereof was actually paid) covenant to find your Petr. in washing Lodging and Board during the said Term, As in and by the said Indenture duly Executed (relation being thereunto had) may more fully and at large Appear.

That your Petr. (in pursuance of the sd. Indenture) duly served his said Master untill on or about the 12th. day of May last past when your Petr. (for the Reasons hereinafter Stated) was compelled to leave his said Master

That your Petr. hath not during the time he Served his said Master been Instructed in his said Trade, but instead thereof been chiefly Employed in running of Errands, beating Feathers, and Porters Work.

That your Petr. during the time aforesaid hath not only continually been in great Want of Sufficient Victuals, fitting and necessary for such an Apprentice but hath at times been obliged to borrow Money to buy the same And hath never had proper and Suitable washing and Lodging, he very rarely having clean streets more than once in Six Months; and many times been compelled to wear one Shirt a Month and some times Six weeks.

That your Petr. hath not only been in want of the common Necessarys of an Apprentice as aforesaid But his said Master hath from time to time

During his said Service (without any fault or Misdemeanor done or committed by your Petr.) frequently Struck and often severely beat yr. Petr. and particularly on Sunday the 29th. Day of April now last past, upon your Petr's. returning home from his relations (whom he had that Evening been to visit) the said David Blyth (alledging that your Petr. went out on Sundays without his Order or Consent, although he had at the time of the Execution of the said Indenture agreed to permit your Petr. to be absent on Sundays) violently Struck, beat, knocked Down, and when down, Kicked yr. Petr. in and [...] the Face Head and Several other parts of his body in so much that your Petr. was thereby greatly bruised, and lost some quantity of blood.

That your Petr. from the Blows and bruises he at this time received from his sd. Master was not only rendered unable to do business, but that Usuage, together with his former Treatment, Occasioned your Petr. to fall into convulsive fits, whereby yr. Petr. was compelled to leave his sd. Master and go to his relations, and they applyed to an Appothecary who bled, Attended and gave. your Petr. several Draughts and Medicines for his Disorder, which continuing the said Appothecary [---] thought it absolutely necessary for your Petr. to go into St. George's Hospital for further Advice, where he Stayed three weeks, and your Petr. from that time became and still is an Out-patient and under a Course of Medicine

That your Petr. is (through the cruel and insist) Treatment of his sd. Master) totally incapable of returning into his said Service And it is greatly dreaded that your Petr. will not only be unfit for that Business but any other, if no speedy remedy is found out and obtained.

Your Petr. therefore humbly prays that this Worshipfull Court will be pleased to make such Order in the premisses as may legally and absolutely discharge yr. Petr. from his said Apprenticeship And direct that That part of the said recited Indenture as was Executed by your Petr. be given up to him, and Cancelled And that the said David Blyth may be ordered to refund and pay your Petitr. so much of the said Sum of £26 (part of his said Apprentice Fee received as aforesaid) as this Court shall seem meet

And your Petitioner Shall pray Etc.

Henry Bytham

