To the Worshipfull his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster in their General Quarter Session of the Peace Assembled.

The Humble Petition of John Roberts under Confinement in the House of Correction at Tothill Fields Westminster.

Sheweth That at the General Quarter Session of the Peace held at the Guild Hall in King Street in and for the City and Liberty of Westminster on the fifth Day of October Instant your Petitioner was Tryed and Convicted for a Common Nusance in keeping an ill Governed and Disorderly House in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields and received Sentence to be Comitted to the House of Correction aforesaid to Remain without Bail for One Year and within the Space of one Month from the Conviction to Stand in and upon the Pillory in Russell Street near Bow Street End Covent Garden.

That Your Petitioner humbly presumes and hopes as this Prosecution is not Aggitated or Supported by any of his Near Neighbours but only set on foot and Carried on by three or four Particular Constables whom your Petitioner had great Reason to believe would have been Satisfied with his Many Concessions and especially by the unhappy Submission your Petitioner was fataly drawn into to Publish in the Publick News Papers Your Worships will not let Your Petitioner fall a Victim to Private Pique or Revenge.

We whose Names are Subscribed Inhabitants Paying Scot and bearing Lot in the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields and Neighbours to the Petitioner Do humbly reco [---] him to your Worships Mary

Your Petitioner therefore humbly implores your Worships to take his Case into Consideration and extend Your Mercy so far as to [---] his Exposition and so much of his Imprisonment as to your Worships shall Seem Meet

And Your Petitioner as in Duty bound Shall every Pray Etc

John Roberts.

Jr. Bennet Tallow Chandler John Horkes Baker Russel John Lings Victualer Wm. Pope Russell Street Wm. Hopkins Russel Street Wm. Righton Wine Merct.

Jno. Lowe Russell Street Thos. Sutton Russell Street R G Ronshaw Russell Street Jno Kelwell Russell Street John Cuthbert Russell Buy maker Thos Shiells Russel st Jacob Cherer Baker in Russel Street James Morison Peruke in little Russell Street Saml Joynes Hosies Russell Street Simon Bayley Shop [...]

