To the Worshipfull Sir John Gonson Knt. Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace held for the City and Liberty of Westmr and to the rest of his Majestys Justices of the Peace in their Genll. Quarter Sessions Assembled

The Humble Petition of Chas. Cort.

Sheweth That your Petitioner was by Indenture of Apprenticeship bearing date the 28th. day of May 1729 bound Apprentice to Willm. Blackburn a Cordwainer for 7 Years by wch. said Indre your Petitionrs. said Master in the Arts Mistery or Occupation of a Cordwainer was to teach and Instruct or Cause to be taught and Instructed in the best way and manner that he cou'd and was also to find allow Your Petitionr. good and Sufficient meat Drink Washing and Lodging during the said Term.

That Your Petitionr. soon after he was bound began to feel the Effects of his Master's Moross ill Temper who compelled your Petitinr. to find [---] Tasks and all manner of Working Tools out of his own Money in doing his said Masters Business and has been beat by his said Master for refusing so to do of which your Petitionr. Complained to his friends who applyed to his said Master concerning the same who insisted that it was the Custom of the Trade and that he shou'd doe [...] it altho your Petitionr. is otherwise informed and your Petitionrs. friends to prevent any dispute and for the case and quiet of your Petitionr. allowed money to him for that purpose.

That your Petitionrs. master never took care to Instruct him in Christian Principalls nor ever took care to see how he spent the sabbatle till abt. 5 Years of his time was Expired and then Your Petitionrs. father Applyed to his Master to learn him to cut out who replyed that it was not in his Indres and that he never wou'd learn him and thereupon began to debarr your Petitionr. of the liberty of the Sunday of wch, before he had taken no Notice of and beat your Petitionr. in a very Barbarous manner for taking the liberty of going abroad yt. day

That your Petitionr. has been taken up Sevll. times

By his said Master [---] for one and the Same said and Carryed before Justices of the Peace and has been at the Instigation of [---] his said Master comitted to Goal in order to ruin your Petitconr. without ever giving him an Opportunity to send for his friends and which he was in prison neither provided Victualls or Lodging. for been And Your Petrs. Martha [...] his Journey [...] ren to have the key of the Street door who hath [...] [---] in Sewd Women as [...] in the night

Your Petitionr. apprenending that his safe Mas [...] Intended to distress him by using him with the utmost Severely [...] his said Master declaring that he would not learn him his Business Did abt. 2 Years agoe in advertantly and without consulting his friends (not being able to bear his cruelty any longer) abscond his said Masters Service-

Your Petitionr. therefore most humbly prays that you Worships will take the premisses into Consideration and discharge your Petitionr. from Serving the residue of his said Time to his said Master or give him such other releif us the premisses as to your worships Shall seem meet

and Your Petitionr. a said duty bound will ever pray Etc

Charles Cort

