To The Honorble Sir John Gonson Chairman & the Rest of his Majesties Justices of Peace Etca . Etca.

Robert Paterson Prisoner for Debt in the Gatehouse Westminster

With due Respect most humbly Sheweth.

That your honor's Petitr. having been So often & vileby abased, assaulted, & in danger of my Life by Fr: Geary theepet am advised before I go further to lay before this Honorble. Court what followeth Vizt.

On Sunday 10 June last Sd. Fr. Geary did in a most rade & impudent manner, assault my wife by taking her by the Shoulders violently pushing her backwards out of his door Etc tearing her Cloaths calling her bitch & whose, And all this without any provocation, She only going to visit a Gentle as Debtor who lodged in the house of sd. Geary. And;

On Wednsday 27 June aforesd. he the Sd. Geary did in a most unbecoming way, come & pull by the arm my wife out of his Yard, a place which every prisoner that has the free- dom of, is oblidged to pay 3s.6d. under the name of garnish and pushed her out of sd. door, dragging her along, at same time grievously pinching her side, calling her bitch & whose, & many other opprobious names I noutting, as- saulting, & posseby abusing me, threatning me much holding his fist to the Side of my head, who durst not do any thing in her or my behalf, for he would have sworn mutiny Etca. against me. And;

On Thursday 2d. August Inst Sd. Fr: Geary did most vileby use your honr. Petr. by assaulting him holding his fist to my head, which if his turnkey had not prevented would inevitably have knocked me down; calling one Rogue & Scunderell, crying out that he would make me repent it before

Please turn over

before he had done with me. all this without any provocation only I had paid him over & above what I owed him, alltho' he owes me upwards of £20. for putting his books in a reguly. form, Etca. writting out his Kalendar's for a year past And had he taken my advice the accidents had not happened his Jail, that to this Shame lately has. what can this his Saying his saying hill make me repent, but that he has some bad design against me, my wife or some of my friends who come near me which your honor's petitr bags You'll be pleased to consider.

Many more of his Illanico might be added, such as his having, & still Keeping a loose & disorderly house Etca. which for fear of encroaching any further on your honr. time shall not now mention, altho' Delay in punishmt. is no cause of forgiveness, all which can be as easily proved as that he has a [---] on his face, and as sure as he has Sd. nose, so surely shall he be prosecuted as far as the law of Geat Brittain will permitt.

Said Fr: Geary has no manner of way full filled any of his promises he made in his petition of 22d. June last past to this Honorble. Court, which is in great deriscon & contempt to his Sacred Majesty, & sd. Honble. Court, and which shall be prosecuted as such, before I have done with him, having a Coppy of sd. petition of Geary's by me

Wherefore your honr. Petitr. most humbly begs your honrs. would be pleased to take into consideration these irregularitys of Geary's, and So order it, that your honor's petitr. may live & enjoy the privileges that are allowed to all debtors, & that I, my wife, & friends may n't be any more in danger of our lives, Etca.

and your honr. petitioners will as in duty bound Etca.

Rt. Paterson

Gatehouse 8 Augt. 1733

