To Sir John Fielding Knight and the others his Majesties Justices, at the general Quarter Sessions of the peace, held at the Guild Hall in and for the City and liberty of Westminster Assembled.

The humble Petition of John Chase

Sheweth. That your petitioner on the Thirteenth day of July One Thousand seven hundred and Sixty seven, did take by Indenture of Apprenticeship Michael Samson, to serve as an Apprentice, to the full End and Term of seven years, from the fifteenth day of June then last past

That Quite Contrary to the Articles of his Indenture of Apprenticeship, he has absented himself divers of times from your Petitioners service without any provocation for so doing

That in the Month of July one Thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Eight, for absenting himself from your Petitioners Service, and for divers other misdemeanours, your Petitioner took him before Sir John Fielding Kinght, where with his own promise, of Amendment for the future and the recommendation of Sir John Fielding your Petitioner became again reconciled to him

That in the month of Augst. in the same year, he again absented himself from your Petitioners house for the space of one whole night, and was during that time with a Girl of

the town, (at that time called by the name of Miss Davis) his pretence for his absence, was that he had been with Mr. Clapton, one of his Trustees at whose house he said he was taken very Ill, which occasiond his stay, and which upon Enquiry proved to be false as your Petitioners Servant John Dawkes, the next day went to the Lodgings of a Girl of the town and paid half a Guinea, for the redemption of the said Michael Samsons Watch, which for want of money he had been Obliged to leave as a pledge, your Petitioner again Excused him

That in the month of April, one Thousand seven hundred and sixty Nine, he again absented himself, for the space of twenty whole days and nights together, went to Norwich offerd himself to a Company of Stroling Comedians (under the name of Williams) they refused him Suspecting him to be some runaway Apprentice (by the Intercession of his Grandmother, and Mr. Clapton, now one of his Trustees) your Petitioner again Excused him, and recd. him into his house and business

That in the month of Augst. in the same year, the said Michael Samson, Sold to Mrs. Chandler (who is now in Court and ready to Attest the same upon Oath) Three

Three yards of Dowlas at one Shilling P Yard, for which there was, only, Enterd in your Petitioners book, two Shillings, and Six pence (the said Mrs. Chandler having Occasion for some more of the same Cloth, came again to your Petitioners Shop, (which Occasioned the discovery) and gave your Petitioner great reason to Suspect the honesty of the said Michael Samson

That on the Eleventh day of February last, he again Absented himself from your Petitioners house and Service, and Cohabited, with, the same (or some other Girl of the town)

That your Petitioner, even then, offerd to receive him back again, upon Condition of his Trustees giving proper security. for his honesty and good behaviour for the future, which they refused, and since that time he has been absent from your Petitioners Service (which has) and must, put your Petitioner to great Inconveniencies and Expences your Petitioners Business being of such a nature, must give a Servant from Twenty to Thirty Pounds P Year to Supply his place

Wherefore

Wherefore your Petitioner prays, that he may be discharged from the said Michael Samson, and that the Indenture of Apprenticeship may be order'd to be deliver'd up and Exchanged between your Petitioner and the said Michael Samson) and the same orderd to be Canceled)

And also, that the said Michael Samson's Trustees, may be orderd, to pay to your Petitioner, Such Sum, for the remainder of his Indenture of Apprenticeship, as your Worships shall deem Meet

And your Petitioner shall ever Pray Etc.

John Chase

Petition of John Chase against his Apprentice Michael Samson to be Discharged from his Indentures & to be allow'd for his Loss of time, & for a Journeyman in his stead during the remainder of his Apprenticeship

Petition of Jno. Chase agt. Michl Samson his Apptices. 14 April 1770 read.

Cro

