[...] the Right Worshipfull his Majestys Justices of the Peace in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the City & Liberty of Westminster Assembled.

The Humble Petition of William Golden of the Parish of Saint James within the Liberty aforesaid Glazier

Sheweth That by Indenture of Apprentiship bearing Date the third Day of July 1749 Cornelius Edwards Son of John Edwards of Kew Green in the County of Surry Gardiner did Put himself Apprentice to your Petr. to learn your Petrs. Art & with your Petr. after the manner of an Apprentice to Serve from the Day of the Date of the said Indenture for the Term of Seven Years.

That in the said Indenture the said Cornelius Edwards did Covenant your Petr. faithfully to Serve & that he Should not from your Petrs. Service Day nor Night Absent himself as in & by the said Indenture relation being thereunto had may more at large Appear

That the said Cornelius Edward Since the Date of his said Apprentiship hath willfully Absented himself diverse & Sundry Days & Nights To the Number of Twenty Days & Nights at the least And your Petr. hath of ten times reced him again into Your Petrs. Service but he with not Continue therein.

That the said Cornelius Edwards hath Several times broke into your Petrs. House in the Night time & on or about the 26th-Day of Febry-last in the Night time broke into the House of your Petr. & took thereout two Bottles of the & Victualls & A Pair of your Petrs. Shoes & after having made a Fire in A Coopers Cellar, [...] in your Petrs. House & burnt Several Staves belonging to the Cooper of the Value of five Shillings went away & left the said Fire in Such a Manner that your Petrs. House as well as all the Neighbourhood might have been burnt down by means thereof had the said Fire Spread in the Night time.

That by the Extreem bad behaviour of the said Cornelius Edwards your Petr. Cannot trust him in his Trade nor in the Names of his Customers whereby your Petr. is greatly Injured in his said Trade.

Your Petr. therefore humbly Prays this Honble Court with be Pleased to Order Your Petr. to be discharged from his said Indenture of Apprentiship & that the Indenture may be Vacated & become Void

And your Petr. as in Duty bound Shall ever Pray Etc.

Wm Golden

