To the Worshipfull the Justices of the Peace for the Liberty of Westminster in Sessions assembled.

The Humble Petition of James Chapman Son of William Chapman of the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields in the Liberty of Westminster and in the County of Middlesex.

Sheweth That on the 31st. January in the Year of Our Lord 1733 Your Petr. became bound by Indenture of Apprenticeship with the usual Covenants for Seven Years to Joseph Beschey of the same Place Painter to learn his Art. [---]

That tho it was incerted in the sd. Indentures that the said Master shod. find your Petr. Meat Drink Washing Lodging and all other Necessaries during the said Terms Yet by a Private Agreement between him and Your Petitioners Said Father Your Petrs. said Father became bound to find and provide the same during the said Term for your Petitioner which he hath accordingly done, and which was in lieu of Money usually given with Such an Apprentice.

That no Duly hath been paid for the Same by the said Master to his Majesty Pursuant to the Statute Nor the Indentures Stampt.

That tho your Petrs. hath faithfully Served him untill the Eighth of June last. He hath not duly Instructed Your Petitioner in that Art which he used which was and is History Painting, (but Generally employed your Petr. in the most Servile part of the business to wit Carrying his Colours Pictures and Frames and Working Tools about Streets), And at that time the said master thought fit to lease his [---] Habitacon and hath ever since absconded in Suffolk and other Countries having changed his Name to avoid being known, and hath taken no care as to Instructing Your Petr. in the said Art Pursuant to the Covenants in the said Indres.

That the said Indres are not Inrolled and the time of Servitude will expire before Your Petitioner can Attain his Age of Twenty four Years.

Your Petitioner therefore most humbly Prays your Worships for the Causes aforesaid to Discharge him from his said Apprenticeship and pronounce and Declare him free from his said Master.

And Yor. Petitioner as in Duty bound shall ever pray Etc.

James Chapman

