To the Worshipfull his Majestys Jusitces of the peace for the County of Middx at their Genal Quarter Sessions of the peace holden at Hicks hall in St. Jno Street in the sd County now assembled

The Humble Peticon of Thos. Hillard of Dalston in ye parish of St Jno. Hackney in the sd County of Middx treavor

Sheweth That your Peticonr. hath been a Parishonr. within the sd Parish of Hackney for Twenty Eight Year's and upwards during wth time he hath paid and discharged all parish Taxes as well to the poor as other's and by his hard wortig on black Works in such his Trade of a weaver has so Impared his Eye sight that be has rendred himself Incapable of maintaining his large Family consisting of many Children & Grand children most of were are Incapable of getting ye. Peticonr. One penny without some other meanes of Employmt. to be fought And Accordingly your petr. has been advized by send al Genl & other Parishos. of the sd parish to set up a publique Victualing house wth may Enable your Petr. & his large family Scilt to subsis [...] without any one of them becoming Chargeable to the sd parish wth they are in great danger of yor. Petr. being near Sixty Years of Age & his wife above Accordingly yr. Petr. did apply to the worshipfull Mr Tyson & other Acting Justices with in the sd parishs for their Lycence for the purpose aofresd. who [...] [...] having been Inofrmd of your Peticoners Circums tances & the Truth of his hard case had no objeccon to yr. Petr. but said that there was an order amongst them the sd. Justices that no more than such a certain Number of Lycences Should be granted the Extent of with Number was granted already & Therefore your Petr. y must waite till a Lycence shall drog which may nto be so long as yr. Petr. lives or before he may become burthensome to ye sd. Parish

Therefore most humbly prays your Worshipps in Consideracon of ye Petr. deplorable Case to Grant to yr. Petr. yro Lycence for his [...] of it yor. Worshipps great Wisdoms shall seem meet

And your Petr. as in duty bound shall ever pray etc

Thos Hilliard

