To the Worshipfull his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their Quarter Sessions Assembled.

Wee Whose Names are hereunto Subscribed, Two of his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the said County in Pursuance of an Order of Reference of this Court bearing date the Twenty [---] Day of February last Grounded on the Petition of John Compart have throughly Examined into the truth of the Petitioners Complaint by such Order Referred' to Us; by Causeing all parties Concerned to Attend Us And on the Thirty First day of March last took Upon ourselves the hearing the Matters of the said Petition, As Well on the part and behalf of the Complainant, As of Elizabeth Mulcaster there in and thereby Complained against, At Which time the said John Compart did not Produce before us any Evidence Whatsoever to prove any One of the Allegations in his Petition; But the said Elizabeth Mulcaster in her behalfe, Produced the Child Which Appeared a Strong fine Boy of his Age and of a Very healthy Constitution And as to her behaviour in bringing up the Child and the Manner of her Liveing She produced two Evidences; One of them named Elizabeth Turvey Wife of Thomas Turvey of Roger's Alley in Shoreditch a Cooper: Who Deposed that She had known the said Elizabeth Mulcaster about four years was Well Acquainted with ye. Manner of her bringing up the Child that She did it according to ye. best of her Ability and Sent it to a School Proper for such and Infant and Never heard the Child Use any Ill Expressions; The other Evidence Elizabeth Perkins in Rose and Crown Court in half Moon Alley Deposed that two Years after her Delivery the said Elizabeth Mulcaster Came to live with her that She beleived her not to Follow any Vicious Courses Nor ever heard any ill from ye. Child on the Contrary knew that She tooke an honest Industrious Care to Support herself and the Child in the best Manner She was able. The Bond given by ye said John Compart for Indemnifying ye Parish Where ye. Child was born was who Produced before us by ye. Churchwardens of ye. said Parish Who Seemed well Satisfyed that ye. same was a Sufficient Security So that there did not Appear before us any Colour or Foundation for takeing the Child away from the Mother according to ye. Prayer of the said Petition All which Nevertheless Wee Certifye and Submitte ye. Court Given under our hands this Sixth Day of May 1736.

Alex Garrett Antho. Chamberlain

