To the Rt. Worshipll. his Maties, Justices of the Peace for the County of Middx Assembled in Quarter Sessions

The Humble Peticon and appeale of John Stevens of the parish of St. Andrew Holborne in the Said County

Sheweth

That by order dated the 7th. day of November last under the hands and Seales of John Milner and William Prestley Esqs. two of his Maties, Justices of the Peace for the Said County (Quorum Unus) Your Peticoner is Adjudged to be there puted father of a Male Bastard Child borne in the parish of St. Gyles in the fields is the Said County on the body of Mary Airy Singlewoman on the third day of the Said Month of November, not then Babtiz to and is become chargeable there

That thereby Your Peticoner is ordered to pay to the Churchwardens and Over seers of the poore of the Said parish of St. Gyles in the fields the Sume of Forty Shilling for relief of the Said Male Bastard Child for the first four Weeks after the Birth (hereof and alsoe five Shillings to the Midwife, And to pay Weekly two Shillings and Six pence, from the expiracon of the Said first four Weeks for the reliefe y maintenance of the Said Male Bastard Childe for Soe long time as he Shall continue chargeable to the Said parish, And their he Shall of and from the charge of the Said Bastard Childe at all times thereafter Save harmless and indemnify the Said parish of St. Gyles in the fields

Your Peticoner finding himselfe Aggrieved by the Said Order of the two Justices humbly Appeals against the Same to this worshipll. Court

Your Peticoner therefore humbly Prays Your Worshipps would please to appoint a day this preson Sessions for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the poore of the Said parish of St. Gyles in the fields and all other persons removed to Attend Your worships and to heare and abide the Judgment and determinacon of this Court Upon and touching the Said Appeale and that Your Peticoner may be relieved herein as to Your Worships Shall Seem meet

And Your Peticoner as in duty bound Shall pray Etc.

