To the Right Worshipfll his Maties: Justices of the peace for ye County of Midx.

The humble peticon and appeale of Robt Bicknell Thomas Parnell John Rogers and others Inhabits. of New Brentford in ye County of Middx whos names are hereunto Subscribed

Sheweth That by ordr made at ye Genll: Sessions of ye peace held by adjournmt for ye Sd County at Hicks Hall in St Johns Street in ye Sd County on Thursday the 6th day of Decembr last, James Marlow & Geo: Downes were appointed Scavengrs. for Cleansing and repairing the high Street in New Brentford a Markt. Town in ye Sd County, And for defraying ye Charges thereof, It was order'd by ye Sd Court that ye Church Wardens Constables overseers of ye poore and Antient Inhabits of New Brentfd aforesd who are usually present at ye makeing of publick rates there Should forthwith assemble and make an Equall assessmt not Exceeding 3d in ye pound upon all and Every yr Occupyers or owners of houses lands Tenemts and Hereditamts. in New Brentfd aforesd And ye Such assessmts when made & Confirm'd by [...] Justices of ye peace Shd be Collected by ye Sd Scavengrs of ye Sd respective inhabits mention'd in Such assessmt

That ye Inhabits of ye Seavll houses adjoying to Each side of ye sd high Street have att their own Costs and Charges Cleansed paved and amended the sd Street time out of minde us often as Occassion requir'd Tell Some Short time before ye makeing ye sd ordr. and (as yr Peticonrs are advised) are of right oblig'd So to doe and at ye time of makeing ye Sd: ordr. ought to have been punish'd for their Seavll defaults in not Cleansing the Same

That ye Sd ordr was obtain'd wthout any notice to yr peticonrs who inhabitt upon ye Butts in New Brentfd on ye back of ye Sd town, and othr out places distant from ye Sd high Street and are yearly at a great Expence in repairing Seavll: highwaye wth in ye township of New Brentfd and [...] before ye obteining ye Sd ordr required to Contribute to ye Cleansing or repairing of ye Sd high Street, nor as they are advised are anywise oblig'd So to do

Yr Peticonrs therefore humbly appeale to ye Hoble: Court agst ye Sd. ordr and assessmt and pray ye Same may be Sett aside [...] discharged and to be releived in ye Pmises in Such manr: as to yr Worships greate Wisdom Shall Seem meet

And yr Peticonrs. Shall Ever pray Etc

Tho Parnell R Bicknell John Rogers Jno: Lettunt Jno: Blacknall Wm Stitch

