To the worshipfull his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in & for the County of Middlesex at the general Session of the Peace assembled.

The humble Petition of the Churchwardens & Overseers of the parish of Saint Faith under Saint Paul London

Sheweth, That on the 5th. day of April 1781 Mary Dauter a poor Child of the said Parish of Saint Faith was bound out by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the said Parish an Apprentice to William winder of Cheequer Alley Bunhill Row in the Parish of Saint Luke in the County of Middlesex Watch chain maker till she should attain the Age of Twenty one or Day of Marriage.

That the said William Winder received with the said Mary Dauter the Sum of Seven pounds being a Gift left by the late Daniel Midwinter Esquire to the said Parish of Saint Faith to put out poor Children Apprentices and to buy them some Cloaths.

That soon after the said Mary Dauter had been with her said Master he began to use her very ill by beating her under Pretence that she did not do work enough, setting her Fourteen Hours Work in a Day to do and from that time almost daily beat and ill heated her, shiking her over the Head, & other Parts with an Instrument called a Drik Bow and sometimes with a Rupes End Keeping his Hand before her Month to prevent her Cries being heard & she has several times a Day been obliged to wash the Blood from her Cloaths He likewise kept her to work on Sundays, and caused her to be denied to any person who came to see her Said his Master had used him ill when an Apprentice to & he would use her the same.

That the Girl bore this Behaviour as long as she possibly

Coul till finding it at length insupportable she, on the 4th. of May last or thereabouts, can house to her Mother.

That ale the Cloaths bought by the said William Winder for her were not of more than the Value of £1..1..6 and he has Not since she has left him, restored any of them to her but detains them in his Possession.

Your Petitioners therefore pray your Worships that your will be pleased to order the said Mary Dauter to be discharged from her said Master William Winder and that the said William Winder may be ordered to return to your petitioners the Sum of £7 the premium received by him on executing the abovementd. Indeuture. Or, that your Worships will make such Order in the premises as to your Worships shall seem meet.

And your Petitioners shall ever pray Etc

