To the Worshipful his Maties Justices of the peace for the County of Middx in their General Quarter Session assembled

The humble Petition of Thomas Sadler

Sheweth That Your Petr: by Indre bearing date the 3d. day of Octr: 1755 was bound Apprentice to Christopher Horner of Ratcliff in the County of Middlesex Carpenter to serve for the Term of seven Years from the date of the said Indre and that your Petr. has been faithfully served his said & never absented his Service day or Night, yet your Petr: has been treated in such a Bad & illegal manner that obliges him humbly to Complain thereof to this Honble. Court for the reansons following.

That soon after your Petr. was bound to his said Master he begun to exercise his cruel Faculties upon him by frequently Beating, Kicking your Petr. in ye Grein and with large Ropes grievously bruising him over most parts of his Body

That about a years agoe your Petrs. Master (upon Complaint [...] him of his Journeymen cruelly beating your Petr: & without any other Cause) flew in a Violent Passion & not only encouraged them in so doing but wth. morning expressions there atened to Cut him down with a Saw he then had in his Hand & did Cut at your Petrs. Head with the same which must infallibly have wounded him upon his Head had not your Petr. held his Hand up to prevent the Blow upon which he received a desperate Wound Cross his Hand

That Your Petr: being at Work on Board a Ship one of the Journeymen Beat your Petr. and broke his Head in such a manner with the Place Bone of a Shoulder of Mutton that caused a great effusion of Blood & at the same since told your Petr. he had orders from his Master to Correct your Petr. at his pleasure Your Petr. well knowing complaining to his Ma [...] .would avail little did acquaint your petrs: Mather of the said abuse who came & informed your Petrs. instead of which he said your Petr. was served right & upon yr. Petr. Mother wanting to speak wth. him would not suffer is & threatened to lick yr Petr. if he spoke to her

That your Petr. last Saturday was three Weeks came into his Mars. Kitchen to ask for some small Beer & his Mistress seeing him called yr. Petr Hang in Chains Blackguard Rogue & ill looking Thief & with a large Stick struck your Petr: above Twenty Violent Blows with the same your Petrs. Master coming Home in the interim without any reason violently took held of your Petr. & threw him down three steps, then Seriously rusts upon him & in great Passion Collared your petr. dragged him back into the Kitchen and Maliciously flung him down upon the [...] oor & when down by force lifted him up same distance & then Violently dasht your Petr. several times for [...] again, by means of wch your Petr: reced divers Bruises; for the above [...] your Petr: is so greatly terrified that he absconds for the Preservation of his Life wch her justly apprehends to be in Danger from the Violence of his Mars. Temper, he continually threatening your Petrs: & behaving to him in a Brutish & ill natured manner

Your Petr. therefore most humbly prays yr. Worps could be pleased to Order the said Christopher Horner to attend this Honble: Court some day this present Sessions To Answer your Petrs: complaint & to hear and abide the Judgmt. & determination of this Court touching the Premises

And Your Petr. Etc

Thomas Sadler

