To the Woshipfull Bench of Justices for the County of Middx now in Session at Hicks Hall.

The humble Petition of George Bland of Poplar Anchor Smith and John Bland his Son

Sheweth That your Petr John Bland By Indre bearing date the 14th day of July 1729 was by and with the consent and good liking of your Petr. George Bland his Father putt an Apprentice to John Hickman of the Parrish of Waping Stepney (now St. George in the East) Nailer to learn his Art of a Nailer & him to Serve as Apprentice from thence for and during the full end and Term of Seaven Years, And the Master therein Covenants to teath and Instruct or cause to be taught and instructed his Said Apprentice in the Art of a Nailer and Allow unto him good and Suffitient Meat drink and Lodging during the Said Term of .7. Years and washing only the latter halfe part of the Said Term of .7. years and to give him a Suit of Cleaths at the end of the said Apprenticeshipp or five pounds in money as by the Said Indenture may appear

That in about a Month or Six weeks after Such Binding the said John Hickman the Master Beat and Evilly entreated the Said Apprentice and threatned to Send him to Sea to Serve out the Remainder of his time which the Boy fearing was prevailed on by his said Master to be Assigned or Turned over to one Eusebius Paddington a Gardiner without the least Notice to or consent of your Petr. George Bland the Father, and after Such turning over in Some Short time his new Master Paddington took Occasion to beat and very much abused the Said Boy who there upon applyed to his Father to gett a redress and preferred a Bill of Indictmt. agt. the Sd. Last Master Ensebius Paddington wch. was found last Sebion but the Master hath not yet appeared thereto And by Such usuage your Petr Ino. Bland the Apprentice is like to be frustrated of a good trade whereby he might gett an honest reputable Lively hood and must be Still kept in Floaths by ye Fees. his Father if not releived by this Honoble Court

Your Petr. therefore humbly pray that this honoble Court would make an Order for the two Masters John Hickman and Ensebius Paddington to shew Cause Same day this Sessions why the sd: Apprentice hath been used in Such a barbarens manner and why he should not be discharged from his Apprenticeship and the Indres delivered up Or Such other Order for your Petr. releife as to your Worshipp Shall be thought meet.

And your Petrs. shall ever Pray [...]

Rond Pay

