To the Right Worshipfull his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Sessions Assembled.

The Humble Petition and Appeal of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. Michael le Quern London

Sheweth That by Virtue of an Order or Pass Warrant under the hands and Seals of Two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex One whereof being of the Quorum bearing date the 16th. day of March 1748 Sarah Partington Singlewoman Aged about 40 Years was Passed from the parish of St. Andrew Holborn above the Bars in the County of Middlesex to the Parish of St. Michael le Quern London aforesaid alledging the last legal Place of Settlement of the said Sarah to be there And your Petitioners conceiving themselves agrieved by the said Order and Judgmt. of the said two Justices Do humbly Appeal therefrom and humbly Pray Your Worhships

Bignall Attorney for St. Michael le Quern} Would appoint some day this Present General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County to hear this Appeal And that your Worships will make an Order that the Churchwarden and Overseers of the said Parish of St. Andrew Holborn above the Bars and all Parties concerned in and about the Premisses may the attend hear and abide the final determinatiion of your Worships

And your Petrs: shall ever Pray Etc

Middlesex At a General Quarter Sessions of the Peace lof Our Sovereign Lord the King, for the County of Middlesex holden at Hick's Hall in St. John Street in the County aforesaid the 3d. day of April in the 22d. Year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord George the 2d. King of Great Britain France and Ireland Etc

It is Ordered by the Court that the Churchwarden and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn above the Bars in the County of Middlesex have Notice of the above Appeal and this Order and that they and all Parties concerned Do attend this Court on Saturday next at ten of the Clock in the Forenoon to hear land abide the Judgement and determinatiion of this Court touching the said Appeal

By the Court Waller

