To the Worshipful William Mainwaring Esqr. Chairman of the Court of Session holden in and for the County of Middlesex.

The humble Petition of Charles Flanagan who was Tried at the last Session holden for Middlesex, and is now a Prisoner in Newgate under Sentence. of Transportation

Sheweth, That your Petitioner thoroughly Conscious of the Impropriety of his Conduct, and Overwhelmed with Remorse and Sorrow for having offended against the Laws of his Country, can only feel Confidence to supplicate your Humanity and Compassion from the determined Resolution of acting better in future. Your Petitioner has not the Boldness to request a Reversal of your Judgment, But with the most respectful Humility implores a Mitigation of his Punishment, Or that if the Moment of your Interposition in that respect should be pass'd, You would Condescend in Your Report to Recommend his miserable Situation to the Clemency of our Most Gracious Sovereign Your Petitioner, in Addition to the Weight of the punishment Inflicted on him by the Laws, is oppressed with the most poignant Anguish at the Recollection of having brought Disgrace to an Aged Father and Mother, whose few remaining Days he feels he has imbitter'd, And he sadly fears that the Execution of the Dreadful Sentence

pass'd

pass'd upon him would put an untimely Period to

That should the Ear of Mercy be open'd to his Prayer, Your Petitioner is ready to Enter into the Service of his Majesty either by Sea or Land, or to Comply with such Conditions as superior Wisdom may think fit to lay down, And as in Duty bound will ever pray.

We the undersigned respectfully recommend the above Petition

John Stephenson Charlotte Strt. Bloomsbury Rhd Holbrook Keppel Row John Jones Pancrss Place Wm. Jenkinson Keppel Row Paul Barbot. New road Tottenham court Wm Gray Tottenham Court R Hammond Store [...] Bedford Square Benja. Smith Oxford Street William Massa Oxford St Thoms Nox Great Queen Street Robt Morgan Bow St Joseph Kirkman Gower St. Bedford Sqr Robt. Stuart Gate Street Lincolns Inn Fields

