To the Worshipfull The Chairman and the rest of the Justices of the peace Assembled at their General Quarter Sessions held at Hicks Hall in the County of Middlesex on the 14th Day of October 1751

The humble Petition of Joshua Jackson Aprentice to Jeremiah Godwin of the Parish of Saint Mary Lestrand. in the County of Middx Carpenter

Sheweth That yr. Peticoner was bound Apprentice to the sd. Jeremiah Godwin about three years ago and hath Serv'd him ever Since faithfully and Justly that during part [...] That Space of time his sd. Master hath lodg'd him in a Cellar where a water pipe run over him which endanger'd his life or health

That he has refused to find him with Clothes & necessary Covering and kept him with nothing but bread and Cheshire Cheese full of Maggets and Stinking rotten Matter

That a great part of the Sd. time his sd. Marster could not Lodge year Petitioner at all but provided him Lodgeing at a house in Drury Lane where he was forced to Lye with the man. & his wife That on Your Petitioner complaining of his hard Usage his Master Beat him with a walking Cane and Bruis'd his Flesh on his Arm as and back in a Most Inhumane Manner

That he some time Lodged your Peticoner in the house of one Foster a Beadle in the sd. Parish of St. Mary Lestrand where Petitioner got the Itch and then ws by his said master Sent home to his poor Mother for a Cure

That at on other time he beat him with a price of Breck of abt. an Inch Squar on the Arm which occasioned a very great Swelling and then Sent yr. peticoner home to his Mother for a Cure as before

That divers other great Hardships yr. peticoner has endure'd in this place which he complaining off his sd. Master gave him Leave to get him an Other place which he hath Accordingly done but now his sd. Master refuses to let him go & threateny to Send him to Bridewell

Wherefore your Pticoner most humbly pray your Wps to take the premisses into Consideration and to grant him an order to being his sd. master before yr. Worships in order for A hearing on wch he humbly hopes to obtain his Liberty.

And as in Duty bounden a pour peticioner Shall Ever pray Etc.

