To The Worshipfull Thomas Lane Esqr. Chairman of the Bench of Justices at Hicks-Hall in the County of Middlesex And the rest of the Justices there Assembled

The Humble Petition of James Thompson Datty late of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn in the County of Middlesex and now of the Parish of Saint Ann Westminster

Sheweth That Frances Batty Yor Petitioners Mother being left a Widow & indigeat Circumstances did Apply for & Obtain the Charity Given by the Will of the late Daniel Tanturier Esqr. for placing Out your Petitioner to some Trade or Business And William Chisholm of the parish of Saint Ann Westminster having been (by some of his Particulare Friends) Strongly recommended to Your Petitioners sd. Mother as (and no Other than) a Wood Carner in the General Way And of very great & Business And that all his Apprentices Proved very geed Workmen And had When Out of their time as large Wages as are Usually Allowed to Journeymen being Artists in that Way And a Treaty being had in pursuance thereof Your Petitioner after a time of Tryal At the desire & for the Satisfaction of the said William Chisholm And Your Petitioner being too Young to Form any Judgment to the Contrary from what he had Seen there Did with the Consent of his Sd. Mother On or about the Sixth day of November One Thousand Seven Hundred & Forty six Bind himself Apprentice to the said William Chisholm for the Space of Seven Years then to Come in Order (Upon such the Recommendation & Character) to Learn the Art of Curving in General And the said William Chisholm in Consideration of the Sum of Fifteen Pounds in hand paid by or by the Order of Mr. Cheere the Executor Named in said Will Did Oblige himself to Teach or cause Your Petitioner to be Taught the Art of Carving And also Guilding Which (the not mentioned on Treaty) Your Petitioner As well as his said Mother then thought was a Branch belonging & Necessary to the said Art & Business of Carving

That during the time of such Tryal And till about the Month of July last Year some tollerable work was done but chiefly in the picture France Way by a Journey man his said Master then kept but who then went Away And no other was Employed in the Shop or House of his said Master or any Work done there but what was Performed by Your Petitioner And One Younger than himself a Son of his sd. Master till sometime in July last And Which was no more that Picture Frances And of such low Value as Cannot as Your Petitioner humbly Conceives be Deemed Carving or Proper at such a length of time to Improve or Instruct your Petitioner in such the true Art of Carving Neither as Your Petition hath good reason to believe which Work allowed to be done in the Shops of any of the Masters of the sd. Art of Carving properly so called Such a [...] be spoke being put Out to such as are only Stiled Frame Makers or whose business in Confined to the Glass and Picture Frame Way and Yet such and no other hath been the constant Employment of Your Petitioner So that there is not the least Prospect of Your Petitioners [...] Learning such the Art of Carving under his said Master or of Getting his Bread When out of his time as a Carver Especially as his sd. Master hath never of himself done or Modelled any Work in the Carving Way for the Improvement of Your Petitioner

That for these Reasons your Petitioner for some time before July last Did by his said Month & Other Friends Apply to his said Master requesting [...] [x] Turn Your Petitioner Over to some other Master for the Remainder of the sd. Term that he might be Allot to get his Bread Which request the reasonable for absolutely refused without being first paid the Sum of Forty Pounds and still Persists therein Or on other Equally Emersonable Demands Altho hevery well knows that Your petitioner hath all along Notwithstanding these Discouragements behaved himself in the most Dutifull land Submissive Manner Even so far as to do things no ways relating to the business And some for beyond his Strength And that your Petitioner cannot Learn such the Art of Curving under him.

That this sd. Master hath upon some of the Friendly Applications made to him for the purpose aforesd. And not before Confessed himself to be no Carve And that his Trade or Business related only to the Glass & Picture Frame making altho he in his Conscience very well known that at the time of Treaty as well as of Binding he Prosessed & Stiled himself a Carver And Which Your Petitioner as well as his sd. Months (as was then intended by him) Understood such Character so taken Upon himself to Denote Carving in General And not in such as may relate to France Making only Or in any other Limited Sense of the Word And that is shod. be so Understood by Your Petitioner and his said Mother And the better to remove all doubt therein She was Advised Previous to As well as at the time of Building as a Necessary Qualification to Attain a thorough knowlege of said Art of Carving to Cause Your Petitioner to be taught the Art of Drawing [...]

[...] me way [...] Master or any Work done there but what was Performed by Your Petitioner And One Younger than himself a Son of his sd. Master till somtime in July last And Which was no more than Picture Frances And of such low Value as cannot as your Petitioner humbly Conceives be Deemed Carving or Proper at such a length of time to Improve or Instruct Your Petitioner in such the true Art of Carving Neither as Your Petition hath good reason to believe is such Work Allowed to be done in the Shops of any of the Masters of the sd. Art of Carving Properly so Called Such when be spoke being put Out to such as are only Stiled frame Makers or whose Business is Confined to the Glass and Picture France Way And Yet such and no other hath been the constant Employment of Your Petitioner So that there is not the least Prospect of your Petitioners Learning such the Art of Carving under his said master Or of Getting his Bread When out of his time As a Carver Especially his sd. Master hath never of himself done or Modelled any Work in the Carving Way for the Improvement of Your Petitioner

That for these Reasons Your Petitioner for some time before July last Did by his said Mother & Other Friends Apply to his said Master requesting him to Turn Your Petitioner Over to some other Master for the Remainder of the sd. Term that he might be Able to Get his Bread Which request this reasonable for absolutely refused Without being first paid the Sum of Forty Pounds And still Persists therein Or on other Equally Equally measurable Demands at the hevery well knows that Your Petitioner hath all along Notwithstanding these Discouragements behaved himself in the most Dutiful land Submissive Manner Even so for as to do things No ways relating to the business And some for beyond his Strength And that Your Petitioner cannot Learn such the Art of Carving under him.

That his Sd. Master hath upon some of the Friendly Applications made to him for the purpose aforesd. And not before Confessed himself to be no Carner And that his Trade or Business related only to the Glass & Picture France making altho he in his Conseience very well knows that at the time of Treaty as well as of Binding he Prosessed & Stiled himself a Carver And Which Your Petitioner as well as his sd. Mother (As was then intended by him) Understood such Character so taken upon himself to Denote Carving in General And not in such as may relate to France Making only Or in any other Limited Sence of the Work And that it Shod. be so Understood by Your Petitioner and his said Mother And the better to remove all doubt therein She was Advised previous to as well as at the time of Binding as a Necessary Qualification to Attain a thorough knowlege of said Art of Carving to Cause Your petitioner to be taught the Art of Drawing & Modelling And for that purpose Your Petitioner hath been Enabled tho at Considerable Expense to make some Progress therein And his Master could not said being Covenced at the time As the Truth realy is that no Treaty would have been Carried on with him had it been Known that he was not a Carver in the General Way Especially as a Prosessed & Able Master in such Art & Business might then have been Provided for that Sum

About the begining of July last his sd. Master having some large Picture Frances bespoke And finding that his refusing such Your Petitioners request had Caused a Resolution to be taken to Apply to the then next general Quarter Sessions for Relief And which would have been Hod not the sd. Mr. Cheere Advised to try Gentle Methods first He the sd. William Chisholm in Order to Defeat Your Petitioner of Relief in this Court Engaged two Workmen whom he may Stile Artists in Carving to do the same But without being or intending any Improvement thereby to Your Petitioner and by means thereof to Gain the Forty pounds so Demanded as aforesaid.

Therefore and by reason of the very Imposition aforesaid And a being Contrary to the Intention of the Worthy Executor As well as his said Testater And as what he hath been Taught by his said Master is of titlle or No Use in such the true Art of Carving Your Petitioner most humbly Prays that he may be forthwith Discharged from the said William Chisholms Servere And that he may be Ordered to Deliver us or assign the said Indenture to and as soon as Master can be Procured And that he may be also Ordered to pay back such part of the said Fifteen Pounds As The Court shall think Proper Or that Your Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Presoners As to Your Worships shall seem Meet

And Your Petitioner Shall Ever pray Etc.

