To the Worshipfull the Justices of the peace for the County of Middlesex assembled at the General Session of the peace holden at Hickshall in and for the said County

The humble petition Wm. Haley an apprentice

Sheweth That your petitioner by Indenture bearing date on or about the Second day of September which was in the year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixty was bound [...] to John Chilton of the parish of Saint Ann Westminster persute make [...] and Hair dresser to been his art and with him after the manner of an Apprentice to serve from the say of the date thereof unto the full end and term of Seven years from thence next ensuing

That the said John Chilton in consideration of the Sum of Five pounds and five shillings by John Haley your petitioner's father Paid to the said John Chilton He the said John Chilton did by the said [...] Indenture Undertake and agree to teach and instruct your petitioner in the art of a Peruke maker and hair dresser aforesaid and to find and allow him your petitioner during the said Term sufficient and wholesome Meat drink and lodging the said Term finding and providing you petitioner during the said Term all manner of apparel washing and mending

That in pursuance thereof you petitioner lived with the said John Chilton with a design and desire to serve the said John Chilton as his Apprentice according to the tenor and effect of the said Indenture But to your petitioner's great surprise and concern the said John Chilton about six months after your Petr. was bound as aforesd. (without any Cause your petr. co. apprehend) did severely beat your Petr. Striking him several blows with his fists upon his face Stomach and several parts of his body insomuch that one of your Petrs. Eyes was for a considerable time very sere and black and greatly discoloured

That sometime in the Summer One thousand and seven hundred and sixty two the said John Chilton's wife being then in a bad state of health had a lodging Provided for her at Knightsbridge where She continued sometime during which time one Mr. Jackson being lodger in the house of the said John Chilton He the said John Chilton made and obliged your

petitioner to make Mr. Jackson's bed clean his roem sand wash Dishes by reason whereof Your Petr. was greatly hindred from learning his business

That the sd. John Chilton not regarding his agreement to [---] find and allow your Petr. Sufficient Meat and drink as aforesd. at divers times hath refused to allower provide for your Petr. Meat and drink Sufficient and necessary to support him

That your Petr. desirous to be relieved from such ill treatment applyed to Sanders Welsh Esqr. and [---] two others Justices of the peace for the said County of Middlesex in order to get discharged from the said Indenture who declared they would have discharged him from the said Indre provided the consideration mony therein mentioned had not exceeded the Sum of five Pounds and at the same time advised and recomended it to the said John Chilton to turn your Petr. over to some other Person to servant the remainder of his said apprenticeship which the said John Chilton then agreed and Promised to do whereupon your Petitioner's father applyed to one Mr. Courtey to take your Petr. for the remainder of the said Term who was willing to receive him and the said John Chilton being acquainted therewith said he had no objection thereto But upon a meeting afterwards of the said John Chilton and Mr. Courtey the said John Chilton insisted upon being Paid eleven shillings each [...] week while your Petr. should Continue to work for the said Mr. Courtey upon which Mr. Coutey replyed he wod. not give one shilling

That Your Petr. being very uneasy under such a disappointment your Petrs. father [...] renewed his application to have your Petr. settled and upon waiting against on the said John Chilton for that purpose he acquainted your Petr's said father that he the said John Chilton had got a Master for your petr. and inform'd your Petrs. father it was one Mr. John Jurket of Suffolk street peruke maker whereupon your Petrs. father called on the said Mr. Jurket to Know his intentions therein who acquainted your Petrs. father that the said John Chilton had Communicated to him his design of turning your Petr. over to him the said Mr. Jurket and that he wod. and did receive your Petr. accordingly and Friday the third day of this instant February

was appointed by the said John Chilton to Assign or turn over your Petr. as aforesd.

That all Parties met according to the aforesaid appointment when the said John Chilton refused to turn over your Petr. to the said Mr. Jurket although it was his own Proposal so to do and then insisted the said Mr. Jurket should then forthwith deliver up your Petr. to him the Sd John Chilton otherwise he wod. sue the said Mr. Jurket for keeping and detaining him against the Consent of him the said John Chilton and the said John Chilton hath likewise threatned your Petr. that if your Petr. Shall refuse to return again and live with him he will send your Petr. to Gaol

Your Petr. therefore most humbly pray that he may be discharged from the Said Indenture and may have such further and other relief in the premisses as to your Worships shall seem meet.

And your Petr. shall ever Pray Etc

Middx At the General Session of the Peace of our Lord the King holden for the County of Middlesex at Hicks Hall in Saint John Street in the County aforesaid on Monday the Twentyth day of February in the Fourth year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third King of great Britain Etc.

It is Ordered That John Chilton the Master abovementioned have Notice of this Petition and that he and all Parties concerned do attend this Court on Thursday next at Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same day and then and there to hear and abide the Judgement and Determination of this Court touching the matters contained in the said Petition.

By the Court Waller

