To the Right Whorshipfull the Chairman & the Rest of his Majestys Justices of the peace for the County of Middlesex in General Sessions Assembled

The Petition of William Knight

Humbly Sheweth That your Petr. on the 26th. Day of October 1747. was bound an Apprentice by Indre Unto William Poulton of the Parish of St. George in the County of Middlesex & [...] athmaker for the Space of Seven Years to learn [...] Artor Trade in Considaration Where of Your Petrs. Father in Law Felix Creighton Gave with Your Petr. Sum of Ten Pounds

That about two Months before Your Petr. was bound an Apprentice and was [...] in a State of Probation, His Said Master Kept a tollerable good House both as to Eating and Drinking but after he had gott the Ten pounds into his Hands he great on altered the Same by Not allowing Your Petr. Sufficient Provissions, and Your Petr. has often Drank Water instead of Beer and Undergone the Sharpness of Hunger & Cold

That most part of Your Petrs. time has been, is principally taken up in going on Triffling Errands relateing to the Kitchen, Nursing Children, and other Ser [...] le House hold Business And as Your Petr. Master keeps Neither Journgman or Apprentice (Except Yor. Petr.) and he Seldom in his Business Your Petr. is therefore Almost Ignorant of every part of the Trade for want of proper Instruction

That your Petr. having for some Months past made Complaints to his Father in Law on the Subjects above mentioned He about Six Weeks since applied himself to the Master for redress, but Heinstead of Giving any kind of Answer to petrs. Father told him that no Person should prescribe Rules to him soon after which he said Master beat Your Petr. to so great a Degree, that his Flesh was much Discoulered thereby and on his Father's going to know the reason thereof the Master pushed both him & your Petr. into the Street and when your Petr w [...] lt in the Evening to his Masters House he refused him Entrance so that he must have lain in the Street that and the three Succeeding Nigths had he not been taken in by his Father

Your Petrs. Father upon such his said Masters behaviour [...] was advised to go to A Magistrate for redress who on hearing the Matter of Complaint Ordered your Petr. to go to his Master and the Master to receive him which was Accordingly done, soon after the Master Served Your Petrs. Father in Law, A Constable and another persons with Copys of a Writt out of the Court of Comon Pleas and has Since enjoyn'd your Petr. Not to come near or See his Pa [...] ients

Your Petr. therefore most humbly prays Your Worshipps that you would be pleased to take his Case into consideration and make such Order therein as the Nature thereof requires And Your Worshipps in Your discretion shall seem meet

And Yor. petr. as in Duty bound shall ever pray Etc

Wm Knight

