To the Worshipful his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Session of the Peace Assembled at the Session House and Clerkenwell Green in the Month of December 1788

The Humble Petition and appeal of Thomas May an Apprentice to William Vaughan of Croven Building Drury Lane in the Parish of Saint Clement Dane in the said County of Middlesex Taylor and Habit Maker

Sheweth That Your Petitioner on or about the 25th.. day of September which was in the Year of our Lord 1786 did bind himself Apprentice by Indenture to the said William Vaughan to learn his Art and with him after the manner of an Apprentice to Serve from the Day of the Date thereof for the Term of Seven Years in which said Indenture was contained the Covenants usual in such Indentures of Apprenticeship as well on the said William Vaughan's behalf as your Petitioners

That the said William Vaughan as a [---] Consideration for taking your Petitioner as an Apprentice to him received from the Governors of Christs Hospital the Sum of Five Pounds at the Time of the Execution of the said Indenture of Apprenticeship And the further Sum of Five

Pounds and five Shillings on the 21st.. day of October 1786 of Mr. Henry May, Mr. Robert Hands, Mr. John May, Mr. James May, and Henry May, by the Hands of Mr. Harry May

That the said William Vaughan after your Petitioner became his Apprentice chiefly employed your Petitioner in cleaning his Shoes and running of Errands and neglected to instruct him in the Trade of [---] a Taylor which your Petitioner was bound Apprentice to the said William Vaughan to learn

That during the Time your Petitioner hath been Apprentice to the said William Vaughan he the said William Vaughan hath frequently without any just Cause beat misused and illtreated your Petitioner and particularly that he did on Thursday the 30th. day of October last without any just or reasonable Cause or Provacation whatsoever violently Assault your Petitioner and with a Stick cruelly beat him on the right side of his Head and other Parts of his Body by which your Petitioner was greatly wounded Bruised and Hurt

Your Petitioner therefore humbly prays your Worships to take the Premises into your Consideration and to order his said Master to Attend this Honourable Court some day in the next Session to shew Cause why your Petitioner should not be discharged from his said Apprenticeship And why the Sum of Ten Pounds and five shillings paid to him with yours

Petitioner as an Apprentice Fee Should not be refunded and why your Petitioner's reasonable Costs should not be adjudged to him

And your Petitioner shall ever Pray Etc.

Thos. May

