Our Sovereign Lord the King against Elizabeth the wife of Edmund Slack and John Price

To the Worshipfull William Cowper Esquire and the rest of the Worshipfull Bench of Justices Sitting at the Sessions of the peace now holden at Hicks Hall in St. John Street

The Humble petition of John Price one of the Defts in this Cause

Sheweth That your petitioner being a Neighbour of the Said Edmund Slack who is a poor man and keeps a Stall or Cellar in High Holborn and getts his living by mending of Shoes

That the said Edmund Slack being acquainted with one John Adams the Prosecutor in this Cause [...] money Lender otherwise called an Usurer St appears by a Promissory Rate now in the Custody of the said Edward Slack Signed by the Said Edmund Slack Edward Pocock John Thompson and John Whitney and dated July 22d 1729 whereby the Persons last before named Jointly and Seperately promise to pay upon demand to the [...] John Adams or his Order the Sum of Forty Shillings for vallue reced with Lawfull Interest

That the Said Elizabeth Slack having the Said Rate in her custody She was by Virtue of a Warrt. procured by the Said Adams taken by a Constable and brought before the Worshipfull Justice Mercer and thereupon Your Petitioner was desired to go with the Sd. Elizabeth Slack which he accordingly did and Justice Mercer hearing the Accusation of the said John Adams against the said Elizabeth Slack was pleased to discharge the Warrt. And Since the sd. John Adams prferred a Bill of Indictmt. agt. the said Elizabeth Slack and your Petr a copy where of is hereunto annoxed

That your Petitioner being taken upon a Bench Warrt. put in Bail and at the next Sessions Your Petitioner appeared and pleaded not guilty to the sd. Indictment and Since gave Notice to try and traverse the said Indictmt and caused a Venire to be Issued out for that Purpose but the Traverse not comeing on your petitioner on Fryday the 24th Instant caused another notice to be given for the Traversing the sd. Indictmt on Wednesday the 29th. Instant in order to acquit himself thereof and discharge his and his Securitys Recognizance

That your Petitioner by reason of Indisposition of body and ill State of health having ulcers in his Kidneys and Bladder occasioned by the Stone and other misfortunes is now reduced to great poverty and necessity and being intirely Innocent of what the sd. John Adams (who is the Prosecutor in this Cause and Stands Indicted in this Court for willfull and corrupt perjury) charges your Petitioner withall and being desirdons to acquit himself and discharge his Securitys

Your Petitioner therefore humbly recommends his deplorable Case to your Worships Tender Consideration not only in regard to his Indisposition of body and ill State of health but allso to his poverty and his charge & expence in bringing the Said Indictmt. in order for Tryall before and humbly prays Your Worships will please to remit him the Fees of the Court usuall in this and Such like cases

And your petitioner Shall every pray Etc

