To the Worshipful his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Sessions Assembled.

The humble Petition of John Supel a Native of the Kingdom of Ireland.

Sheweth That Your Petitioner was on or about the 10th. day of May 1760 forcibly Carried on Board the Mary Armed Ship or Tender employed in his Majestys Service from a Place [...] Waterford in Ireland aforesaid by the Crew of the said [...] and by the Express Orders of the Master of said Ship Thomas Forster where your Petr. remained a Prisoner till the 12th. day of July following on which day the Male of said Ship named

Peacock Forcibly bound your Petr. by some Indenture. or Writing to become a Servant or Apprentice to the said Thos. Forster and your Petr. was against his Will Obliged to Permit the said Mate to put a Pen in his hand and the said Male Guided Your Petrs. Hand to Make Such Mark as he Thought fit to a Pafer Writing Which your Petr. heard after Wards amongst the Ships Company was an Indenture but whether it was an Indenture or any other Deed or Writing your Petr. knows not They having refused to give Your Petr. any Counter part thereof.

That Your Petr. was about 34 Months on board the sd. Arm'd Ship or Tender without bring Permitted to go on Shore, in any Port whatsoever where the said Vessel lay during said Time until she came to Plymouth where she was Docked [...] repaired She said State Surprized Your Petitioner [...] agreeable News that he might go on Shore and Which your Petr. readily accepted but no sooner your Petr. came on she but he was Pressed and Carried on Board the Guard Ship where he remained until the sd. Arm'd Ship or Tender was repaired and ready to Sail At which Time the owner of the said Ship Thomas Wickerman came on Board the Guard Ship and brought your Petitioner on board his ownShip Acquainting.

At the same Time that he was his Apprentice and that the said Thomas Forster had Assigned your Petr. over to the said Thomas Wickerman wch. Your Petr. refused complying with and denied his being an Apprentice but to no Purpose as the, said Wickerman was countenanced by the Officers of said Guard, Ship That your Petr. was an Apprentice so that your Petr. was delivered up to the said Wickerman who brough him on board his own Ship where your Petr. remained until the sd. Vessel Arrived in the River of Thomas and was discharged from Majesty's Service.

That your Petr. often begged and Prayed to be Permitted to send to his Father who lived about 25 Miles from Waterford aforesd. but to no purpose your Petrs. servitude on board the sd. Ship was attended with great Cruelties and hardships parlarly as to his Want of Cloaths and very often a sufficiency of Provisions.

That your Petr. got an Old Shirt from the sd. Thos. Forster and were the same upwards of Six Weeks which was almost in Raggs your Petr. was then Advised to go to the sd. Forster and ask him for a shirt wch. your Petr. did whereupon the said Thomas Forster Horsewhipped your Petitioner and desired him to make Three Shifts put off & put on and go Naked until your Petr. washed his Shirt at another Time your Petr. took a piece of Bullocks Liver he being in great want for wch. Offence the said Thomas Forster Order'd your Petr. to have a Dozen Lashes with a Rope called a cat & 9 Jails your Petitioner several Times Sollicited many of his Fellow Sufferers to write [...] him to his said Father wch. none of them dar'd do

May it Please your Worships therefore to Order that the sd. Thomas Forster and the sd. Thomas Wickerman May appear before your Worships with the said Indenture or Waiting and that your Petr. May be discharged from the sd. Presented Apprentice ship. And your Petitioner as in Duty bound shall ever pray Etc

[...] Reynolds

his John [x] Supel Mark

