Middlx To the honble the Bench of Justices sitting at Hickshall in St. John Street in the County of Middx for the sd. County.

the humble Peticon of sundry poor Debtors abideing in the Comon side of her Maties Goal of Newgate

Sheweth That in the first yeare of her Prsent Maties regin (one Robinson being then Thursday) Sundry Complaints were laid before this honble Bench relateing to the Comon side of Newgate And upon examination into the same an Order was made by this honble Bench (reciting the aforesd. complaints) that nothing should be exacted or demanded of nay prisoner comeing into the sd Goal for garnish or otherways And that noe lewd women or any suspected to be such should be permitted to lodge wch any Prisoner and many other thing more Particularly menconed in the sd. Order, as may thereby at large appeare. Wee therefore yor Worpps humble Petrs. would beg leave to represent that contrary to the Sd Order the Sd Robinson hath pmitted & both dayly pernitt lewd women & such as are knowne by many in the Goal to be Theives as alsoe others not soe well known to lodge wth the Felous all night in the Sd prison wth. provisoe they pay to the sd Robinson one Shilling for oath nights Lodgeing & satisfy four over plus Officers called partners wth drink (which partners soe called being four in number being set up by Mr. Fell or the Turnkey are Prisoners in the sd Goal & Doe demand of a very person comeing in as Prisoner two shillings, and likewise doe pretend to a double allowance of the Charity beefe & of the broad, and by such pretence take more then a treble whereby the poor & needy Prisoners are deprived from haveing their there & from that which really supports them from start And that the sd Partners are suffered to strike & abuse the Prisoners and threaten to search & strip such persons as shall refuse paymt. of the sd. two Shillings in defyance of the Sd Order & to the great detrin of yor really poor Petrs. And that the women resorting to the sd Prison doe dayly comitt thefts abroad and bring such goods soe stollen to the aforesd Goal as can be proved upon oath and if asked for by any Adversary the Turnkey Robinson Deny's them when knowne to be within the Goal soe that this plate wth should be for punishing theft is contrary to the intent of the same the refuse for Theives & a place to preserve stollen goods. And that the sd Robinson hath been further out of his place twice, but Mr. Fell lately hath been pleased to make him Turnkey again many other Misdemeanors contray to the Order are here dayly practiced wth if yor. Petr. may be heard with be affirmed upon oath too tedious here to repeat.

Therefore yor Petr. most humbly pray that these matters may be inspected into by this honble Bench in order to bring the sd Robinson & Particulars to Justice wth. will in abundant manner releive yor. poor Petrs. & the other Prisoners.

For wth. they will be obliged (as in duly bound) ever to pray Etc

the marke of

John Waston Will Dawkes

Thomas Holmes L: Carter Miles Burrough

Robert White Jane Morris

Mary Clay

The marke of [x] Elizabeth Bond Jonathan Easden

