To the Worshipful his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex Assembled at their General Session of the Peace at Hicks Hall in Saint John Street in the said County in May 1763

The Humble Petition of John Pickuett an Apprentice to George Gardiner of the Parish of St. Mary Macfellon otherwise White Chapple in the County of Middlesex Lime Spinner

Sheweth That by Indentures of Apprenticeship bearing Date on or about Ninth [...] 1756 [...] George Gardner as an [...] Apprentice from the Date of the said Indenture of [...] Term of Seven years

That your Petitoner's said Master was to Teach your Petitioner the said Trade and Provide him sufficient Meat Drink Apparel Washing and Lodging and all other necessaries during the said Term And for the last Two Years of the said Team of Seven Years was well and truly to pay unto your Petitioner Five pounds and Four Shillings a Year as by the said Indentures May more fully Appear

That your Petitioner's said Master before your Petitioner had been with him Since Months (tho' Your Petitioner faithfully Served him) suffered your Petitioner to go very Ragged and Barfoot and refused to find your Petitioner Apparel as he had engaged to do by the said Indentures and notwithstanding your Petr. often entreated his said Master there to and Particularly when your Petitioner had Served his said Master about Fourteen Months and was extremely Ragged and Barefoot your Petitioner insisted hath in said Master shod. find your Petitioner Shoes and other Apparel but your Petrs. said Master engaged there at then told your Petitionr. he'd Petitioner on Board a Man of Warr even if he but asked him for shoes.

That your Petitioner being so Served by his said Master as aforesaid about March 1758 got himself a Birth on Board the Hercules Private Ship of Warr and hath since Served his Majesty also in the Diana Transport and has been very ill for almost Five Months last past of an Ague and Fever

That your petr. since his quitting the said Diana Transport and since his Recovery from his said illness hath applyed by several People to his said Master and offend to serve him the remainder this said Apprenticeship but his said Master refused to take your Petr. again And especially on or [...] the Ninth Day of this instant May 1764 [...] went in person to his said Master offered a himself to him to this said Master to take your Petr. in or to Employ him to have any thing to do with him.

Therefore your Petr. most humbly Beg's your Worships to take his Case into your Consideration and Grant him such Relief ask your Worships shall seem meet

And your Petr. at in Duly found shall ever pray

