To the Worshipfull his Majesties Justice of the Peace for the County of Middx: in their Generall quarter Sessions Assembled

The Humbly Petition and appeale of the Severall Persons whose names are hereunto Subscribed.

Sheweth That Wm Crampton and Abraham Theebridge were appointed Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St James Clerkenwell for this Present Year 1727, And the said Wm Crampton, by Virtue of Such his Office received from your Petitioners and others divers Sume of Money rated and Assessed on them for the releife of the Poor of the said Parish, And afterwards removed out of the said Parish, And another Overseer haveing been appointed in his stead, the said Wm Crampton was thereupon Summoned to Yeild up his Accots: before Severall of his Majesties Justices of the Peace residing in the said Parish, But he refusing so to do was by them committed to the common Gaol of the sd. County thereto remain till he had made up his Accots: and paid what Should appear due from him.

That two others of his Majesties Justices of the Peace of whom one doth not [---] reside in the said Parish) have be their Warrant discharged the said Crampton from the said Committment Crampton having (as in the said [...] and Lor his [...] forth) accounted before such two Justices for all Moneys [...] during his Office or rated and Assessed and not received all that came to his hands in his said Office.

That the said Account of the said Wm Crampton is very erroneous and defective he having received Many Sums of Money not thereby charg'd and being allowed Severall Sums of money by way of discharge which ought not to be allowed.

Your Petitioners therefore humbly appeale from the said Account and the Allowance [---] or confirmation thereof by the said two Justices, and Pray to be relieved therein as to your Worships shall seem meet. And that the Present Overseers may attend this Court with the [...] rates for the releife of the Poor for the better examination and setling the said Account

Edwd: Hutchings

J Ekins Joseph Podder Geo Wilkinson Leond: Compere Joher Woods Samll: Peacock Thos: Richardson

