To his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace held in & for the said County.

The humble Petition and Appeal of William Wigsden of the Parish of St: Martin in the Fields in the County of Middlesex Carman

Sheweth That a Complaint was exhibited to Thomas Burdus Esqr: one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex agt. your Petitioner by William Lake That your Petitioner upon the 22d: day of July last past at the said Parish of St: Martin in the Fields in the City & Liberty of Westminster did drive A Cart loaded with and Containing A Quantity of Coals exceeding 8 Bushels to wit the Quantity of 20 Bushels from a place Called Durham Yard in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields aforesd. within the said City & Liberty of Westminster the duty of 4d: by the Chaldron not being the paid and without your Petitioner's having any Paper Writing or Tickett signed by any Principal Land Coal Meter & Counter signed by any labouring Coal Meter who Attended to deliver the said Coals & give such Paper Writing or Tickett therewith as is directed by an Act of Parliament made in the 19th: Year of the Reign of his present Majesty intitled An Act more Effectually to prevent the Frauds & Abuses Committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City & Liberty of Westminster & that part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoyning thereto & the several Parishes of St. Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex.

That the Matter of the sd. Complaint Came on to be heard before the said Mr. Burdns on the 1st: day of August last past when the said Mr. Burdns was pleased to give Judgement of Conviction agt: your Petitioner for the said Offence And that your Petitioner should forfeit the Sum of five pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain One Moiety thereof to the use of the sd. William Lake & the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Poor of the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields aforesaid where the said Offence was Alledged to have been Committed.

Wherefore and in Regard your Petitioner thinks himself aggreived by the sd. Judgment of Conviction given agt. him as aforesd.

J: Mackay Sollr for the Appellant Your Petitioner therefore most humbly Appeals from the sd. Judgement of Conviction to your Worships in this present General Quarter Session of the Peace Assembled (being the next General Quarter Session of the Peace held for the County of Middlesex after the said Conviction) And your Petitioner humbly prays that your Worships will be pleased to reverse the sd. Judgment of Conviction given agt. your Petitioner as aforesaid & Acquitt your Petitioner thereof And Also Award to your Petitioner according to the Directions of the sd. Act of Parliament such reasonable Costs to be paid by the said William Lake upon whose Information or Prosecution the sd Conviction was founded or made As to your Worships in your Discretion shall seem meet

And your Petitioner (as in duty bound) shall Ever pray Etc.

