To the Worshipful His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Session of the Peace Assembled.

The Humble Petition of Henry Wilson of Sloan Square Knights Bridge.

Sheweth That your Petitioner is a Coach Master residing in Sloan Square Knights Bridge in the County of Middlesex And employs among other Carrages, a Coach Licenced by the Commissioner for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs No. 760 for which he pays to Government a Duty of £26 per Annum.

That your Petitioner was on or about the 18th day of August last Summoned before John Spiller Esqr. one of his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the said County for keeping and employing a Certain Coach as a Public Stage Coach for the purpose of Cenveying Passenger for thereto and from different places within the Kingdom of Great Britain to wit, to Piccadilly from Kew Bridge within having as is Alledged first obtained A Licence for that purpose in manner proscribed by the Statute in that Case made and Provided.

That it Appeared in Evidence before the said Magistrate That the Coach so complained of for having been worked as a Stage Coach within the Dis [...] aforesaid was one and the same identical

Coach for which the Commissioner for Licencing And Regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs had granted your Petitioner a Licence to work within certain Districts under their Authority or [...] diction and for which Your Petition Pay'd the said Duty of £26 per Annum. And that such Coach was worked within such District only.

That the said Magistrate Notwithstanding such Evidence Convicted your Petitioner of the Offence Stated in such Summons and Order your Petitioner to pay the penalty imposed by the said Act when your Petitioner entered into a Recognizance in order to Appeal against such Conviction.

That your Petitioner apprehands the sd. Magistrate hath [...] ed in his Judgment Relative to such Conviction and herefore

Your Petitioner prays that he May be heard by himself of his Counsel in the Nature of Appeal Against such Conviction in the present General Quarter Session of the Peace.

And your Petitioner shall pray

