To the Rt. Worpfull his Maties. Justices of the Peace for the County of Middx

The humble peticon & Appeale of Lewis Demenns

Sheweth That by an Order under the hands & Seales of Bastwick Johnson and Robert Kirby Esqr two of his Majties Justices of the Peace for this County (Quorm unus) dated the eighth day of March last your peticoner is adjudged to be the Putative Father of a Male Bastard Child born on the body of Elizabeth Endor Singlewoman on the 17th day of Novr. 1721 in that part of the Parish of St. Dunstan Stebunheath als Stepney in this County and since baptized by the name of James and registred James Jones (as is alle alleadged [...] in the said Order) and thereby your Peticoner is ordered to pay the Church: warden & Overseers of the [...] Poor of the said Hamblet some or one of them the aril Sum of One pound fourteen Shillings being already disbursed & paid (as is pretended) by the said Churchwarden & Overseers of the poor for and by reason of the maintenance & bringing up of the said male Bastard Child and other incident charged, and also to pay Weekly from & after the date of the said Order to the said Churchwarden and Overseers of the poor some or one of them the Sum of Two Shillings & Six pence for and towards the releife & maintenance of the said Bastard Child for so long time as the same shall remaine chargeable to the said Hamblet and of & from the charge of the said Male Bastard child at all times hereafter to save harmless & indempnifye the said Hamblet of Wapping Stepney

For as much as That your Peticoner finds himself aggreived by the said Order or Judgmt. of the said two Justices and doth humbly appeals to this Court against the same

Your Peticoner therefore humbly prays that this Court will be pleased to appoint a day this present Sessions for the hearing & determine in [...] of the said Appeale and that your Peticoner may releived according to Law & Justice

And your Peticon shall pray Etc

Middx ss Ad General Quarterial Sessions Pacis Dui Regis tent P Com Middx apnd Westmr in Com prd die Lune in Septiana P past Curn pascha scilt Vicetimo scdo die April Anno Regin Dui Georgy nunc Regis Magne Britanie Etc nono

It is ordered by this Court that the Churchwarden and Overseers of the poor of that part of the parish of St. Dunstan Stebunheath als Stepney comonly called or known by the Name of the Hamblet of Wapping Stepney in this County have notice of this Appeale, And that they and all persons concerned doe attend this Court at Hicks hall in St. John Street in this County on Fryday next at ten of the Clock in the Forenoon to hear & abide the Judgmt. and detminacon of this Court touching the said Appeale

