To the Rt: Worshipfull his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middx in their Generall Quarter Sessions Assembled

The Humble Peticon and appeal of the Rt: Honble: Countess Dowager of Coventry Sr. Robert Raymond Knt: his Majestys Attorny Genll: Sr. Philip York Knt: his Majtys. Sollr. Genll: Sr. Walter Young Bart: Dame Judith Shirley widdow James Harrison Esqr: Dame Ann Tipping widdow Richard Peirson William Kinaston Joseph Hackshaw Esqrs. Dame Frances Oxenden widdow Christopher Spicer Jo Harding Henry Long Charles Downing Elihu Trenchfield John Lethieulier George Gregory William Harvey John Wood Esqrs: Dame Elizabeth Hare widdow Sr. James Brooks Baront: Edward Goldesborough Esqr. Sr. Wm Dodwell John Ward Esqr; James Lightbourn Esqr. Henry Halsey James Bush Joseph Smith Esqrs: Ann Crisp Widdow & divers other Intitants of that part of the parish of St Andrew holborne which lyeth in the Libty above the Barrs in the County of Middx (vizt.) Sr. John Thornicroft Bart: Etc

Sheweth

That your Peticoners abovenamed Did appeal at the last Generall Quarter Sessions of the Peace held by Adjournment at Hickshall for the sd. County of Middx against the me quality and illegality of the rate or assessment made for the releife of the Poor in that part of the parish of St. Andrew holborne which lyeth in the Liberty above the barrs in the said County. When upon a full hearing of the said Appeal and of what was insisted on of both sides by Counll: the said rate or assessment was quashed and vacated being unequal and unjust and as new rate ordered to be made according to Law instead of which the Present Overseers have in defrance and contempt of this Worshipfull Court proceeded to make a now rate in the same unequal and illegall manner as before without having any regard to the Ordr. of Court

Your Peticoners conceiving themselves aggrieved by the Sd: new rate or assessment made as aforesaid Pray to be releived in teh Premisses as to your Worships shall seem meet Thos some of your Peticonrs. have paid the said Rate in comiseration of the Poor hope They Shall not be exchided the benefit of this Appeal with the rest of your Peticonrs who have not paid the same

And Your Peticoners shall Pray Etc.

