To the 41st Rule That he had delivered about 71 Books of Moral and Religions Instruction to such prisoners as could Read them

To The 42d. Rule That there is every degree of decorum observed by the Prisoners when in Chapel, and that they are apparanlty devotional.

To the 43d. Rule That this Rule has not hitherto been put in practice, other than his examining Young Offenders as to their knowledge of the Lords Prayer or their Catechism, and that some young Prisoners have made considerable Proficiency under his care and instruction

To the 44th Rule The Chaplain laid his Journal of the state and and Behaviour of the Prisoners before the Committee, which appeared to be regularly kept

Mr. Thwaites attended this Committee pursuant to an order for that purpose and Proposed to make a Farrett Thirty hour Clock with one Duil plate and two hands completed for £48..18..0 and to keep the same in perfect Order for One Year, and to do every thing necessary for that purpose except winding it up

Resolved That W. Thwaites be desired to prepare and lay an Estimate of the Expence of the Clock before the Court at the next Session and that this Committee do recommend to the Court to agree to the same.

Mr Webb the Surgeon and Apothecary to the prisons attended, and being called in, was Interogated respecting the Rules and Orders for the government of the New House of Correction and Answered

To the 45th. Rule That there is not more than one Male and Two female Prisoners Sick in this prison

To the 46th Rule That every thing necessary for the preservation of Cleanliness and the health of the prisoners is adopted in this prison, except that a Warm bath is very much Wanted

Ordered That Mr Webb have leave to purchase a Tin Slipper for the purpose of being used as Warm bath in this prison

Mr: Webb stated to the Committee that a prisoner had been so much diseased that he was obliged to apply to Mr. Alderman Clarke for

a Recommendation to get him admitted an Inpatient into St. Bartholomew Hospital, that Thirty Shillings had been claimed as a Deposit in case the Patient should Die to defray the Expence of his Funeral, and that some small fees were due to the Officers or Governess of that Hospital upon the admission of Patients which must be absolutely paid Ordered That in future when any discased prisoner is sent from this prison to St Bartholemews Hospital for relief that the Governor do pay the usual fees and Deposit and charge the same in his Account with the County

Mr. Webb suggested to the Committee the necessity of a little Child Bed Linen, there being a prisoner now lying J [...] and another forward in her pregnancy and in Expectation of being very soon delivered Ordered That Mr Webb be at Liberty to provide such necessary for the above purposes as heg may judge Expedient and proper

The Commit inspected the Chapel in the New House of Correction and Examined the Plan and Estimate delivered by Mr Rogers the County Surveyor for Communion Table to be placed therein amounting to £22 and having approved thereof Resolved That the said plan Estimate [---] be laid before the Court on the County Day of the next Session and that this Committee de recommond that the same be agreed to

Adjourned till Saturday next the 12th. Inst. to meet at this place at 12 o Clock precisely

