To the Honble Luke Robinson Esqr. Chairman at Hicks Hall in Saint John Street in the County of Middlesex and the rest of the Justices of Sessions there being

The Humble Petition of Adam Bryan

Sheweth That your Petr. in Septr. 1746 being upon Likening one Thomas Bryan your Petrs. Brother in Law in the Business of a Gun Barrell maker it was then agreed that your Petr. if he Liked the Business after Tryal thereof for any space of time that your Petr: Indentures should commence from the time your Petr. first went into such his Service

That on 13th. May last your Petrs. sd. Brother in Law going [...] Toun your Petrs. sd Brother in Laws Wife accused your Petr. with having taken his Indenturers out of the Drawer Upon which your Petr. replyed that he knew nothing at all of them But that he would serve his time out [---] to a Moment if in Case they were Lost And at Night your Petrs. sd. Bros. in Law coming home & being informed by his said Wife that the Indenturers of your Petr. were not to be [...] he before your Petr. was in Bed came to your Petrs. Bed side and bid your Petr. pull off his Cloaths And say'd As you came here [...] a Black Guard As such you shall Turn out which you [...] refused Upon which the said Thomas Bryan your Petrs. said Bro [...] in Law immediately knocked your Petr. down and afterwards kicked your Petr. on his Arm and then stamped his Foot upon your Petrs. Loyns and asked your Petr. to fight again And Insisted upon your Petrs. pulling his Cloaths of (altho your Petrs. own Cloaths) But your Petr. refusing he called some persons up into the Room And then by their Assistance stripped your Petr. of all his Cloaths (except his working Dress only) But having forget your Petrs. breeches came up a second time [...]

took them away also And the next morning your Petr. finding himself so much disordered by the Blows he so reced as aforesaid as not being able to get up and dress himself without Assistance occasioned by the stamping upon your Petitioners Loyns as aforesaid your Petitioner was abt. Three days afterwards oblidged to go to Saint Bartholomews Hospital being ever since Afflicted with Violent spittings of Blood and your Petitioner is not yet perfectly recovered thereof

Therefore your Petr. most humbly prays your Worships to be pleased to Order your Petr. that he may be forthwith discharged from his said Master And that he may make your Petr. a satisfaction [...] suitable [...] for the Injury he has so sustained Or that your Worship may make such Other Order in the premisses As to your Worships shall seem most meet

And your Petr. as in Duty bound shall ever pray Etc

Adam Began

Middlesex At the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden at Hicks Hall in Saint John Street in and for [---] the County of Middlesex by Adjournment on Tuesday the Seventeenth day of July in the 27th. year of the Reign of King George the second

It is Ordered by this Court that the within named Thomas Bryan[---] do attend this Court on Thursday next at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same day at Hicks Hall aforesaid to hear and abide the Judgment and determination of this Court touching the matters contained in this Petition and the Complaint of the said Adam Bryan

By the Court Waller

