To the Right Honourable the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain

The Humble Representation of his Majesties Justices of the Peace of the County of Middlesex in General Session assembled

Sheweth Unto your Lordship That at the Sessions of the Peace for Middx begun and holden on the 15th. Day of Janry 1749 And also holden by Adjournment on the 18th. day of the same Month being Thursday commonly called the County Day being the Day when the greatest Number of Justices are Assembled together at Hicks's Hall Several Complaints were made by Divers Persons Constables and other Officers of the peace against Henry Broadhead Esqr One of the Justices of the peace of the said County of many Misbehaviors in the Execution of his Office of Justice of the Peace, and of Arts by him Used for extorting Money under Colour of his said Office to prove which they Produced Several Affidavits praying they might be read and they being read, It Appearing to us they contained a heavy Charge against the said Justice And he not being present We directed the Clerk of the peace to Acquaint him by Letter with the said Complaints inclosing there in Copies of the sd. affidavits And to let him know the Justices of the Peace then Present desired he, would dine with them at Hicks Hall on the County Day of the next ensuing Sessions.

That on that Day the said Mr. Broadhead, came, but was not Prepared to Answer the Matters of the sd. Affidts. And therefore he was desired to be ready with his Answer at the County Day of the next Sessions which was on Thursday the first day of March 1749

That on the last mentioned day the Chairman reced a Letter from the said Mr. Broadhead giving an Account of his being in a bad State of Health and that by the Advice of his Physicians he was going to Bristol for the Benefit of the Waters But it was Observed he did not Say, he was Wrongfully Accused, or was able. to make any Defence, or Excuse nor did he desire, any further Day

That thereupon we had the Affidavits again read And we beg leave, to Observe to your Lordship from the facts thereby Stated it Appears that when offenders have, been, taken up & by the Constable, brought before, the said, Mr. Broadhead as a Justice, of the Peace. and he. was Acquainted, with the Crime, His Practice, was to Demand a Shilling of the Prosecutor for his Warrant which he insisted shod. be taken out to Apprehend, the, party for the said, Crime, and to bring him before him

and he would have the Shilling paid him before he would Meddle, in the matter, And this (some times after) he had been told the Crime was Felony and, when at the same time the Prisoner and Prosecutor Stood together before him the sd. Justice And the prosecutor Offered to give Evidence and the Prisoner has Contest the Fact. But the payment of the sd. Shilling being often disputed he the said Justice has Pretended that neither he himself or the Constable could Act Safely without taking out such Warrant and sometimes the sd. Justice has required the Presecutor moreover to pay the Constable Six pence for Serving such Warrant.

That Sometimes the Prosecutor has not been able to pay for such Warrant and the Constable (to get mid of his Prisoner) has been obliged to Lend the Shilling.

That when One Hawkins was brought before him and charged with Feloniously Stealing Lead after the Shilling Demanded and paid A Warrant was make out against Hawkins for Inspition of Felony and Presently [...] the said Justice, declared he could Discharge, the prison and [...] Shilling parish Discharge [...] Prisoner being unable to pay the Shilling the Justice Ordered him to the Round House, and told the Prisoner he should, not be discharged until the said Shilling was paid and Accordingly he Ordered him to be put into the Round house, and he being there and telling his Case a Collection was made (by some poor Women) towards his Discharge And then the Prisoner was took back to the Justice who being informed how the Money was raised tho' the Collection did not Amount to a Shilling he took the pence. So Collected and discharged the prisoner.

That One, Isaac Broad being brought before the sd Justice (after his Demanding & receiving a Shilling for his Warrant) he Examined the prosecutor, But a Person earnestly desiring favour of the Prosecutor, on behalf of the Prisoner the said Justice told the Prosecutor if he was not inclined to punish the Prisoner he might have the Warrant for Suspition of Felony and then the Warrant might be discharged which being consented to such warrant was made out and thereupon. the said Justice declared the said Prisoner discharged altho the Charge was directly for Felony and the Goods Stolen were then produced by the Constable, However the Prisoner, refusing to pay a Shilling Demanded by the sd. Justice for his Discharge he refused to Write such discharge (on his sd. Warrant)

That One John South taken in the very Act of Robbery as he was escaping out of the Window with two Coats under his Arm the Property of Joseph Price was carried before the said Justice, And the said Price offered to Swear the said Felony and Produced the Coats whereupon, the sd. Justice took the Prosecutor aside and Askt him if he intended to Prosecute or make up the matter Adding the Prisoner might have some. Friends the Prosecutor Answering he wod. Prosecute Then the Justice told him he must take out a Warrant to bring the Prisoner before him (altho he at the same time Stood before. him and confest the fact) And after a Shilling being Demanded and Paid for the same and Six pence, to the Headborough the Prisoner was committed tryed and Convicted at the Old Bailey

And it Appears to us that the last Warrant (if not the first also was granted without the sd Justices taking any. Examination in Writing touching the sd. Suspition of Felony

That One Sparry an Attorney at Law by Virtue of a Warrant of the said Justice for Suspition of Forgery was brought before him but the said Justice, notwithstanding such Warrant Absolutely refused to Examine into the Matt [...] And to Bail Commit or discharge, him Altho' earnestly entreated by the Prisoner so to do.

Which Matters and things Verifyed by Affidavits & Warrants Annexed We out of Duly lay before, Your Lordship humbly Apprehending that such behaviour of the sd, Mr. Broadhead in the Execution of his Office, of Justice of the Peace, is illegal Oppressive and tends to vender the Commission despicable And Wee humbly Submit the Consideration thereof To your Lordship's Wisdom and Goodness.

