To the Right Worshippfull ye: Bench of Justices now Sitting att Hicks Hall in St. John Street in & for ye: County of Middx

Sheweth The humble Peticon of Elizabeth Lewling the Mother of Thomas Lewling a Minor

That yor: Petrs: Son Tho: Lewling was in or abt: Janry 1705 Bound out an apprentice by ye. prsident and Governour of ye: Poor of London: unto Elizabeth Yelverton vid to Serve her att Sea in her Majestys Service (the sd. Eliz: Yelverton widdow husband being an Officer in her Majties: Sea Services she claymeth title to an apprntice) and that yor. petrs: son Tho: Lewling hath from the date of ye sd Indre hither to & Still doth faithfully served his sd: Mrs: Eliz: Yelverton att Sea: according to ye Tenor of sd: Indre: & that yor petrs: sd: son Tho: Lewling hath reced damage in her majties: Service & hath had a pention of £5:0s:0d p Annu for ye same & prize mony & Smart mony & short allowance mony is & was due to yor: petr. sd son Tho: Lewling (& wth: sd: severall monys vizt: Pention mony prize mony Smart mony Short allowance mony & all other monys (except wages) is due to & properly belongeth to ye apprentice owne use: & not to ye Mrs: according to the Custome of ye seas) And yor petr: sheweth that ye Mrs: hath all along or since ye date of ye sd. Indre received ye apprntice wages & hath reced ye Smart mony Short allowance & prize mony: (wch: doth not belong to her) & cenurteth it to her owne use: & will not reforme or give back the same to ye apprntice: And the sd: Mrs: hath not caused her apprntice to be taught Navigator & Marrinrs: Art or any other Learning according as she ought: by ye sd Indre Neither hath or will ye sd: Mds: allow her apprntice any cloaths: but Ragged old & wane out cloaths wch: she by Bth for a small matter: att Ragg fairs soe that yor potr: sd son Tho Lewling: seueth his Ms: to noe purpose either to be caught or be found any cloaths or have any mony from his sd Mrs: where fore yor: petr: humbly prayers that in Regard ye sd Mrs: hath in nee Respect performed her ownts: in ye Sd Indrctt but hath reced all ye appprntice wages & especially Smart pention prize short allowance & other monys wth. belongeth to ye apprntice: & not to ye Mrs. & hath not caused ye apprntice to be taught that ye Sd Mr. may be compolled to reforms & pay back to yor pot: all monys to hath reced yt. belongeth to ye apprntice: & because ye apprntice is not taught or over in likely hood to be taught Navigaton etc according to ye sd Indrett that ye sd apprntice may be wholly discharged from his sd Mrs:

and yor petr: shall over pray etc

January 1708/9

