To the Worshipful His Majesty's Justices of the peace for the County of Middx in their General Quarter Session of the peace Assembled

The Humble Petition and appeal of the Several persons whose Names are hereunto Subscribed Inhabitants & Householders of and in the parishes of St. Andrew Holborn above the Barsand St. George the Martys in the said County for and on behalf of themselves and divers other Inhabitants in the said parishes

Sheweth That on or about the 21st day of June last a Tax Rate or Assessment according to a pound Rate at Four Pence in the Pound was made upon the Inhabitants of the said Parishes for raising money to Defray the Charges and pay the Wages of the Scavengers Rakers & other Office Employed in Cleansing the Streets Lanes Alleys & other publick plates in the said parishes & Carrying away the Ashes Dirt Filth & bil thereout for this present Year, which Rate was afterwards Confirmed by two of His Majesty's Justices of the peace for the said County

That the said Rate or Assessment of Four Pence in the pound will raise upon a Moderate Calculation the Sum of Seven Hundred and Eighteen pounds and upwards

That Rate of Three pence in the pound together with the Surplus in the hands of the Scavengers for the last year will raise a

Sufficient Sum of Money to Answer the purposes of Cleansing the Streets Etc in the said parishes for this year and therefore the Imposing a higher rate is prejudicial to your Petitioners and as they apprehend illegal

yor. Petitioners for the reasons aforesaid and for other Causes finding themselves Aggrieved with the said Rate or Assessment Do Appeal to this Court against the same and humbly pray that the said Rate or Assessment of [---] may be Quashed or yor. Petrs may have such other Relief as to your worships shall seem meet and that you will be pleased to Appoint a day for the hearing & Determining this Appeal

And yor Petrs. shall ever Pray Etc

Barbara Baacon Josh Cowper Henry Penney John Wicksted Benjn Lancaster Thos Wyatt

Willm. Adams Dad. Howesley T Douthwhite J Inghams Willm Jellico Jno. Taylor John Slayd Wm Radley John Williamson Joshua Brookes Daniel Hards Richd Jackman Chas Watkins

Geo Dennis Con. Hein Zelmann John Egerton Jas Melson Richd: Morhall Fras. Plumtre H Fothergile Anth Oye Hen Bromfeild Law Owen Edwd. Paul P Bellamy Geo: Cumyns

