To the Worshipful his Majesty's Justices of the peace acting in and for the County of Middlesex in General Sessions of the Peace for the said County assembled.

The Humble Petition and Appeal of James Mc. Intosh Esquire and William Forsyth Esquire.

Sheweth That by a certain rate or Assessment made in the Vestry Room of the Parish Church of Kensington in the County of Middlesex the Ninth twenty sixth and thirtieth Days of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety five in pursuance of an Act of parliament passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled "An Act "for the better relief and employment of the poor of the "parish of Saint Mary Abbotts Kensington in the County "of Middlesex and for other purposes therein mentioned." by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the poor and Parishioners then in Vestry Assembled for raising the sum of Eight hundred pounds or thereabouts for the Relief of the poor and other the purposes of the said Act for one Quarter from Lady Day to Midsummer Day there last at Nine pence in the Pound by an equal pound Rate according to the Yearly Rent or Yearly Value of the Respective Lands Tenements Hereditaments and premises in respect whereof the same was so made and Assessed Your petitioners the said James Mc. Intosh and William Forsyth (& Co.. meaning thereby some other person or persons not named in the said Rate) were Rated and assessed at the sum of fifteen Shillings for the Chapel.

That your Petitioners not being proprietors or Occupiers of the said Chapel did make an objection to such Rate or

Assessment at a Vestry held for the said parish of Saint Mary Abbotts Kensington on the thirtieth Day of October last at which Vestry the said Objection was not allowed but on the contrary thereof the said rate was affirmed.

That Your petitioners conceive themselves aggrieved by such rate or Assessment and determination at the said Vestry inasmuch as they are not the proprietors or Occupiers of the said Chapel.

Your Petitioners therefore humbly beg leave to appeal to your Worships against the said rate or assessment and pray that they may be discharged therefrom and from the payment of the said sum of Money And that Your petitioners may have such further or other relief in the premises as to your Worships shall seem meet.

And Your Petitioners shall ever pray Etc

John Davis New Inn Sollr. for the Appellants

