To the Worshippfull the [...] Justices of the peace now Sitting att Hicks Hall in St. John Street in the County of Middlx

The humble petition of Francis Thompson and Andrew Chelton Churchwardent of the parish of St. Paul Shadwell in the sayd County of Middx

Sheweth That your Petitioner Andrew Chelton was on last Easter Tuesday chosen Churchwarden of the sayd Parish of St. Paul Shadwell, att the same time were chosen for Overseers of the poor of the sayd parish Mr. Richard Coulson Mr. William Snixes and Mr. George Bartmaker And it being the custome of the sayd parish to rate the poors books payable quarterly your Petitioner Andrew Chelton advanced upwards of the Sum of three hundred pounds and payd the poor out of his own pockett the first quarter after his election as his predecessors used to doe before him according to the consant practice and usuage of the sayd parish and expected to be reminbursed out of the first Money which the sayd Overseers should collect as the forever Churchwardens continually were But now the first quarter being past and Your sayd Petitoner Andrew Chelton not above half payd [...] he hath expended, and expecting the whole by this time as usuall, the [...] sayd Overseers not only refuse to pay your sayd Petitioner but a Goe refuse and neglect to collect and gather the last quarters rate not with Standing they have been often called upon to putt them in mind of their duly [...] herein And have alsoe a Warrant to distrein for the Same Gett the sayd Overseers have for Severall weeks together refused and Still doe refuse to pay the poor of the sayd parish soe that Your Sayd Petitioner instead of being satisfyed his just due hath been forced to advance more money to pay the poor who otherwise must have starved

Wherefore Your sayd Petitioners humbly pray that you will take such me asures as to your Worshipps shall seem meet to compell the sayd Overseers not only to satisfy Your Petitioner Andrew Chelton what shall Appear justly to be his due but alsoe that they may be abliged to collect the rate as it becomes doe and take care that the poor may be payd for the future

And your Petitioner Shall ever Pray Etc

