To the Worshipfull his Maties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middx in their General Quarter Session Assembled

The humble Petition of Thomas Bampton of Old Nicholas Street in the Parish of St. Matthew Bethnall Green in the said County Citizen and Weaver

Sheweth That by Indenture of Apprenticehood bearing Date the 6th. day of August 1744 James Delfors Son of James Delfors did put himself Apprentice to your Petr. for ye Term of Seven Years from the Date of the said Indre

That your Petrs. said Apprentice has for near three Years Past Neglected your Petrs. Business to his great Loss & Damages frequently lying out of Nights. coming Home with the Itch and giving the same to several in your Petrs. Family, is likewise a very Stubborn Sullen Fellow & hath attempted great rudeness to your Petrs. Daughter sevll. times And that your Petr. hath lately at Sunday times last at ye least Six Pounds Ten Ounces of Silk which he intrusted his said Apprentice to Manufacture wch he has very great reason to Suspect his said Apprentice Wronged him of because he has been Guilty of sevll. other Wicked Crimes and in Particular of Robbing his fellow Apprentice John Comley

That Your Petrs. said Apprentice for upwards of Two Years Past has behaved in such an Insolent & Audacious manner that your Petr. was Obliged to have him before the Chamberlain at Guildhall who upon hearing your Petrs. complaint Comitted him to Bridewell And when he released him told your Petrs. if he offended again that your Petr. should apply to this Honble. Court for redress

That since Your Petrs. said Apprentice hath absented his Service day & Nights, wilfully Neglected his Work & been Guilty of other disorderly Behaviour insomuch that your Petr. is like to lose his Bread, the Gentlemen your Petr. works for declaring that he shall make good the Silk your Petrs. was wronged of as aforesaid and that they did not think at safe of Employing your Petr. And as the latter part of the Apprentices Servitude is only beneficial to your Petr.

Your Petr. therefore humbly prays (for ye reasons Aforesaid) Your Worships would be pleased to Order that ye said James Delfors (his Apprentice) may attend this Honble. Court some Day this Present Session there to Answer your Petrs. complaint and then your Petr. Hopes that your Worps will take the Premises into Consideration And grant your Petr. such relief & Satisfaction as this Honble. Court Shall think fit.

And Your Petr. Etc

Thos. Bampton

