July ss 1751 To the Worshipfull his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex at Hicks's Hall in Quarter Sessions Assembled.

The Petition of James Cockram Apprentice of Thomas Garden of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn Engraver

Humbly Sheweth That your Petr. on the 17th day of October which was in the year 1751 was put Apprentice to the said Thomas Gardner for the Term of Seven Years to Learn of him the Trade Art and Mistery of an Engraver in which Business he the said Thos. Gardner did by Indenture (bearing Date as above) Covenant and Agree to teach and Instruct Your Petr. or Cause him to be therein taught and Instructed and to find and Provide Your Petitioner with Sufficient Meat Drink and Lodging During the said Term in Consideration whereof he the said Thomas did Receive and from Your Petr. Mother Rebecca Cockram the sum of thirteen pounds

That the said Thomas hath altogether Neglected to teach or Instruct your Petr. in or Cause or procure him to he taught or Instructed in the said Art and Mistry of an Ingraver in so much that Your. Petr. is at this time very Ignorant And unskilled in the said Business tho' very Desirous and Willing to Learn the same

That the said Thos. for the most part of the time your Petr. hath served him (hath Neglected and Refused and at this time doth Refuse and Neglect to find & Provide your Petr. Sufficient Meat and Drink or a Bed to lay on but Leaving your Petr. (for Weeks an Months) in house by himself without Victuallor Drink or Money he the said Thomas Goes as Your Petr. believes into the County by which Means Your Petr. must have been Starved long before this time or been forced to take some Indirect Courses for his Subsistance had not your Petrs. said Mother to whom he Applyed found and provided Your Petr. with Meat and Drink the Greatest part of other time Your Petr. hath Served his said Master

Your Petitioner therefore most humbly Prays for the Reasons before Setforth to be Discharged from his said Apprenticeship and Master and that the Indenture by which Your Petr. was bound may be Delivered up to be Cancelled And that he may Return the said sum of thirteen pounds by him Received as aforesaid And that at your Petr. may have such other Relief as to your Worships shall seem Meet and Just

And your Petr (as in Duty bound) shall Ever pray

James Cockram.

