To the Worshipfull the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex and for the City and Liberty of Westminster at their Sessions assembled.

The Humble Petition of John Nutting of the Age of Twenty years now Apprentice to Francis Martyn of the Parish of St. James's in the Liberty of Westminster Coachpainter

Sheweth That your Peticr by Indentures of Apprenticeship dated the Twenty seventh of Novr. 1728 put himself Apprentice to the said Francis Martin to Learn of him the Art or Mistery of Coach Painting for the Term of seven years and the said Francis Martyn in Consideration of the Sume of £36..15s..0 then paid him by your. Petrs. Father in Law thereby Agreed to Instruct your Petr. in the said Trade and amongst other things provide for your Petinr during his said Apprenticeship fitting and Convenient Lodging

That your Petr. hath ever since duly served his said Master and well hoped that he should not have mett with any ill usuage from him but have been Instructed in the said Art or Mistery the better to have Enabled him to have gained his Future Livelyhood.

That his said Master instead of teaching him the said Art or Mistery of a Coach painter for the Four first years of his said Apprenticeship Employed your Peticr. only in House painting and Looking after his Horse which your Peticr. Complaining of to him he always thereat flew into Passions against your Petr. sometime giving your Petr. most Immoderate Punishmt. sometimes beating your Petr. with unreasonable Weapons other times Throwing at your Petr. great pots of Colours with Great Violence sometimes Attempting to strike or wound your Petr. with a Pitch Forke and with many Wicked imprecations Swearing that he should some time or other be the Death of your Petr. by which ill Treatment your Petr. is not only made Uneasy in his servitude but in sometimes in fear Least his said Master when in his Passions should Do your Petrs. person some great Injury and particularly about Fourteen days agoe he unreasonably and without any Provocation whatsoever beat your Petr. with a Knotted Cane and for that your Petrs. lifted up his Arm toward his head from the Blows and preserve himself from Such ill Treatment hath Lately Caused your Petr. to Appear before a Justice of the Peace before whom your Petrs. hath Entered into a Recognizance to Appear at this Sessions.

Wherefore and for that it would be proper (if your Worships [---] Old shall so think fitt) that both Complaints should come on to be heard together and for that your Petr. will then by proper Evidence makeout the severall Facts Charged in the above Peticon.

Your Petr. therefore most humbly prays that your Worships will be Pleased to Appoint some short day for hearing of both Complaints and that your Worships will then give your Petr. such Releif therein as to your Worships shall seem meet Just and meet

And your Petr. shall ever Pray

John Nutting

