To the Honble ye Bench of Justices Sitting at Hix's Hall in St: John Street in the County of Middx for the said County.

The Humble Peticon of Sunday poor Debtors abiding in the side of Her Majtys Goal of Newgate

Sheweth That in the First yeare of the prsent Majtys Reigne Cone Robinson being then Turnkey) Sunday Complaints were said before this Honble. Bench relateing to the Common side of Newgate, and upon Examination into the same an order was made by this Honble. Bench (wirtering the aforesaid Complaints) That nothing should be Exacted or demanded of any prisoner coming into the sd. Goal for Garnish or otherways And that no Lewd Women or any suspected to be such should be permitted to Lodge with any Prisoner & many other things more perticularly mentioned in the sd: Order as may thereby at large appeare. Wee therefore your Worships Humble Peticonr would begg Leard to represent that Contrary to the Sd. Order the sd. Robinson has permitted & does dayly permitt lewd women & such as are humble many in the Goal to be Theives as alsoe others not so well know Lodge with the Fellows all Right in the sd Prison with Provised they pay to sd: Robinson [...] for dach Right to Lodging & Faith Four over pluss Officer called Partner with think ( which partiers to called being four in Number being Sett up by Mr. Fell or the Turukey are prisoners in the sd: saile & Doe demd of every person coming in as prisoner Two Shillins and likewise doe pretend to a double allowance of the Charity Boofe of the Broad & by such pretended their share & from that with wally sopport them from staring and that the as partner are suffered to strike & abuse the priseners & threaten to seath & frip such perdous as shall esfust paymt of ye sd two Shilligs in Defianted of the sd Order & to the great detrint of ye sally poor Petr and that the women reforting to the sd Prison doe dayly committ Theft as road & bring such goods so stolen to the aforesd Goal ( ascanbe proved upon Oath & if asked for by any adversaey the Turnkey Robinson denys them when known to be within the taile soe that this Plate wch should be for punishing Theft is coukary to the Jutent of the same ye Refuge for Theives & a Plate to presence stolen Goods And that the sd Robinson has been Turned out of his plate Twise Ant Mr Fole lately has been pleated to make him kunkey again many other misdemeanor contray to ye sd Ordr are here repeat

Therefore your Petr most humbly pray that these mattr may be inspected into by this Honble Bench in order to bring the sd Robinson & Partaor to Justices wich will in abe mant manner releive your poor Petr & the other Prisonr

For Which they will ne oblid ( as in duly bound ever to pray & etc

The mark of Maceg [x] Clag

Thomas Not [...] Robert white L:Carter Miles Burrow

The mark of Jane Morris Elizabeth Bond Jonathan Easdon

The Easton with Dawkes

