To the Kings most Excellent Majesty it please your Majesty

Jn Obedience to their Excellencies the Lords Justices Comands Signified to us by Mr. Potter referring to us the annexed Petition of James Reilly and of Robert Browne and John Edge and directing us to examine into the Subject matter thereof and to Report a State of the Case with our Opinion what may be properly done therein.

The Petition of James Reilly Sets forth, That in August 1747. Gabriel Alexander Reilly deced the Petitioners Son being first Lieutenant of Marines on board the Kingston Private Ship of War had a dispute at sea on beard the said Ship with Robert Browne John Edge Nicholson, James Martin, Burgess and Jordan who all fell upon the Said Gabriel & beat him & would have murdered him but that they were prevented by the Captain and the Crew at which time Said Brown and the Rest of the Consederates declared that the next time he went on Shore they would Put him to Death and that he Should never see England. That two Days after the Ship put into Gnernsey where the Said Gabriel Went on Shore to avoid being Murdered, but Brown, Edge, Burgess, Nicholson, Martin and Jordon Soon got on Show and there Murdered the Said Gabriel and afterwards they all fled on board the said Ship, but Martin and Nicholson were committed to the Castle of Guernsey to be tried for the Said Murder the former of whom Soon made his Escape out of prison and with the rest of the said Murderers made their Escape to England

That upon the Examinations of Patrick Barry & Philip Ford Sworn before Mr. Broadhead One of Your Majestys Justices for Middlesex (a Copy of which is Annexed to the Said Petiton) the Said Brown and Edge have been Apprehended who intend to apply to the Justices at the Sessions at Hicks's Hall to be discharged, in as much as they

they can't be tried in England. The Petitioner therefore humbly Prays that the said Browne and Edge may be transmitted the Guernsey to be there tried for the Said Murder.

The Examination of the said Barry and Ford which is offered by way of Supporting the Allegations of Reillys Petition are to the Effect following. First, Barry Swears, that he was on or about the 1st. of August 1747. present on Board the said Private when a difference arose between Said Brown third Lieutenant, of Board the Said Ship and the Said Gabriel First Lieutenant of Marines of the Said Ship which Quarrell arose on Account of the Deceaseds Putting up his Hammock in the Cabin of the Said Brown and his Mess mates the Supposed Murderers, That after many abusive Words the said Brown and Burgess and Sevl. others Violently Assaulted the deceased and threatened they would be the death of him; That Soon, in a day or two after the Sd. Privateer Put into Guernsey and the persons hereafter named. Mess Mates of Said Brown One Mr. Leary> Midshipman of the Said privateer, Jordan fourth Lieutenant Nicholson Midshipman and Martin the Surgeon of the Said Ship on or about the 5th. of August 1747. met the deced at the Three Crowns in Guornsey Town and then and there beat the deceased insomuch that by the Bruises So given he took to his bed and after languishing Nine days died, first declaring his death was owing to the bruises he had so reced by the above named persons as aforesaid. That they the Said Leary, Jordan, Nicholson and Martin on or about the said 5th. of August return'd on Board and pretended they had left the Deceased Sick [...] a Shore and the Said Privateer proceeded on a Cruize, but return'd to Guernsey in a Month that immediately on their Arrival Martin and Nicholson were on the Information of the Mistress of the Tavern taken on Board the said privateer for the Murder of the Deceased and committed to Guernsey Castle where Nicholson is now detained but Martin has

made his Escape Upon Notice whereof Leary and Jordon absented themselves And they the Said Brown Martin Leary and Jordon with One Edge the Purser of the Said Privateer and one Burgess are now Secreting themselves in and about London as he the Said Barry has been in the several Matters aforesaid fully informed and verily believes the Same.

The said Ford Swears that on or about the 6th. of August 1747. he went to the deced's lodgings at the said Three Crowns and found him very Weak being much bruised in the Face and Supposed him to be the like in his Body, and asking the Occasion the deceased declared he had the Night before been beat by the Persons aforementd. in manner aforesaid and that (as the Depot. was informed) after the Said Gabriel's Decease his Body was opened and that his death was occasioned by the bruises he had received as aforesaid And that the Several Persons absent themselves on Account thereof as the Dept. is Informed and Verily believes.

The Petition of Brown & Edge Sets forth; That the Petitioner Robert Browne was on or about the 28th. day of August 1747. tried in the Island of Guernsey for the pretended Murder of one Gabriel Alexander Reilly and Acquitted.

That the Petitioner John Edge appeared also in Court at that time and was examined as a Witness but in no wise Charged with or Impeached for the Said Crime.

That Since the Petitioners Arrival in England One James Reilly the Father of the Deceased Obtained a Warrant from a Justice of the Peace against the Petrs. for the Said Pretended Murder and the Petrs. hearing thereof Voluntarily Surrendered and found Sureties to appear and answer the said Charge.

That the said Reilly as the Petrs. are informed hath applied By Petition for an Order to Send the Petitioners to Guernsey to be

tried for affect upon which the Petitioner Brown hath been abready Acquitted there And the Petr. Edge Examinned in Court as a Witness therein as appears by the Several Acts of Court now in the Petitioners Custody ready to be produced and the affidavits of Comodore Action and Captain Pattle thereto annexed.

That the Contents of the Said Reillys Petition is Entirely false & such his proceedings carried on merely to Extort Money from the Petitioner the said Reilly with the Assistance afford in the Said Reillys Petition mentioned having already extorted Six Guineas from One of the Ships Crew on pretence of Charging him with a felony & for which the Said Beilly and Ford Stand now Indicted.

That the petitioners are ready and attending to make out their Innocence & Pray to be heard by Way of defence upon the Matter of the said Petition

We have been attended by the said Petr. Reilly and by the Said Browne and Edge and also by Captain Pattle Comander of the said Privateer with several other of the Ships Company and the Several affidavits of Comodore Acton, Captain Pattle, Thomas Ubly, Grey Elliot, the said Edge and Browne and Richard Keyt have been laid before us (all which are herewith transmitted) And we humbly beg leave to Observe to Your Majesty; First that the Examinations or Affidavits of the Said Barry and ford do not Charge either the said Brown or Edge with being present or Privy to the beating the deceased on Shore and what is Sworn by them to have happened on or about the 5th. of August on Shore is only upon their Information and belief and their affidavits Appear to be contradicted in several Material Facts.

And we further beg leave to represent to Your Majesty that the Case appears to us from the other affidts. to be Thus That the Deceased was a Private Marine and not first

Lieutenant on board the Said Ship [---] but being recommended to the Captain he Ordered him to Mess with and lay in the Place appointed for the under Lieutenants, but being very Quarrelsome the Captain upon a Complaint from the Officers gave Brown permission to discharge him from their Mess & Birth, That Some time in July and not in August the deceased insisted upon hanging up his Hammock there, Brown told him he would cut it down, which upon his attempting to do, the Deceased Struck Brown on the forehead which he return'd and Struck the deceased with his fist but did him no bodily harm he being about his business and well in the said Ship till they put into Guernsey about a fortnight after this Scuffle nor was any Complaint made to the Captain touching the said Scuffle, That the deceased Went on Shore by the Captains Permission upon pleasure And on or about the 31st. of July 1747. and not upon the 5th. of August as Sworn by Barry and Ford being at the three Crowns in Guernsey, the deceased and one Martin having Quarrelled were fighting with their fists in the Kitchin and the said Edge being in another Room with other Company heard the Noise, and a Peace Officer being then in the House came in to the said Edges Company and demanded their assistance and upon their going into the Kitchen the Combatants were Soon Parted without any Apparent Damage being received. And the next day the Said Elliot was in Company with the Deced who was then perfectly well And Eating Bacon & Cucumbers And upon some Words arising between them he Offered to fight Elliot but no Blows Past, That the said Brown was aboard all the time of the Affray, with the Captain and never Saw the Deceased after he left the Ship And the Said Edge was no Otherways concerned in the said Affray and never Saw the deced after; That on or about the 4th. of August the Ship Failed

on a Cruize with Philip Ford on Board and the rest of the Crew except the Deced & Some few Sick (Tho' the Sd. Ford has taken upon him to swear he was at the Deceds Lodgings on the 6th. of August) And it is Sworn that Barry was never on Shore during the Voyage, That they returnd to Gernsey about the 27th. of August & Comodore Acton reced a Letter that day from [---] Governer Attorney and Sollicitor General of Guernsey to Apprehend Jordan, Martin, Leary Nicholson Brown, Field Elliot & Crawford on Account of the saud Supposed Murder all Which Persons (except Leary and Jordan who were gone to plimouth) were delivered into the hands of the Officers of Justice but the Comodore had no Orders to take Said edge who was no ways impeacht; That the next day Brown was tried before the Royal Court here, for the said Murder and was Acquitted thereof, a Copy of which Acquittal under the seal of the Island was produced to us and the Said Edge was at that tie also examined in the said Court as a Witness touching and concering the Said Murder but not Accusation whatsoever was laid to his Charge on Account thereof; And the said Elliot was also acquitted the same day; That since their Arrival in England the Father of the Deced, tho' he hath often declared he doth not believe the sd. Edge or Brown in anywise Guilty, has taken out a Warrant against them on Account of the Said Murder, & So far from absconding as soon as they heard of it, they imediately Surrendered & have given Security for their Appearance.

Upon the whole weare humbly of Opinion there are no just Grounds for the Prosecution & therefore that it will not be Advisable to Order the said Brown and Edge to be transmitted to Guernsey to be tried.

All which is most humbly submitted to Your Majesty's Royal Wisdon

D. Ryder W. Murray 1: Decr: 1748.

