To the Worshipfull John Hawkins Esqr. Chairman and to the rest of His Majesty's Justices [---] for the County of Middlesex in their general Session of the peace assembled

The Humble Petition of William Hine

Sheweth That by an Order under the Hands and Seals of Thomas Kynaston Esqr. and Robert Butler Esquire two of his Majestys Justices of the peace[---] and for the County of Middlesex one whereof being of the Quorum bearing date the fifth day of April 1769 of one concerning a Male Bastard Child lately born in the parish of Saint Clement Danes of the Body of Mary Evans singlewoman, your Petitioner was hereby adjudged to be the reputed Father of the said Bastard Child And the said Justices did thereby Order your Petr. to pay or cause to be paid to the Church wardens and Overseers of the poor of the said parish of Saint Clement Danes or to some or one of them the Sum of Six pounds three Shillings and four pence for and towards the lying in of the said Mary Evans and the Maintenance of the said Bastard Child to the time of making such Order and the said Justices did likewise further Order that your Petr. shou'd like wise pay or Cause to be pass'd to the Church wardens and Overseers of the poor of the said Parish for the time being or to some or one of them th [...] of three Shillings and Six pence Weekly and every Week from the then present time for and towards the keeping Sustentation and Maintenance of the said Bastard Child for and during so long time as the said Bastard Child should be Chargeable to the said parish whereby your Petr conceives him self aggrieved and humbly appeals therefrom

Your Petitioner therefore humbly prays that a

day may be appointed for the hearing and determining such Appeal and that your Worships would be pleased to make such Order in the premises as to your Worship shall seem meet

And your Petr. shall ever pray Etc. Wm. Hine

Middlesex At the general Session of the peace of our Lord the King holden at Hicks Hall in Saint John Street in and for the County of Middlesex on Tuesday the ninth day of May in the Ninth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord George the third King of great Britain Etc.

It is Ordered that the Church Wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the parish of Saint Clement Danes in the County of Middlesex and all the parties do attend this Court on Thursday The eleventh day of this Instant May by nine of the Clock in the forenoon to hear and abide the Order and Determination of this Court touching the within Appeal

By the Court Waller.

