To William Mainwaring Esqr. Chairman and the Rest of his Majesty's Justices Assigned to hold the peace in and for the County of Middx

The Humble Petn. of William Procter Son of C [...] Proctar of Richmond in the County of Surry Fruiterer

Humbly Sheweth That Yr. petr. William Proctar by the consent of his sd. Father put himself Apprentice to [...] Hall of Chelsea in the County of Middx Carpenter and Joined by virtue of an Indenture bearing date the 25th. day of July 179 [...] in consideration of the Sum of Thirty pounds for the Term of Seven Years As by the said Indenture will more fully appear

That Yr. Petr. daily are Faithfully served his said Master according to the Tanor or Covenant contained in said Indenture from the said Twenty fifth day of July One thousand seven hundred and Ninety One for and during and until the beginning of the Month of May One thousand seven hundred and Ninety [...] being [...] of Four years

That on or about the begining of the sd Month of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety Five the sd. William Hall for some Cause absconded from his Dwelling House and Family and left your petr destitute of all Support or Employment and Some time afterwards his Wife and Fame left his House at Chelsea aforesaid and did not leave yr. petr. [...] Bea to lie on nor any manner of necessaries for his Support which compeled your petr. to go to his sd Fathers House where be hoth resided over since

That Yr. Petr. hath made the most deligent Sear [...] and enquires after his said Master amongst the [...] said Trade in General and amongst those resident as Chelsea and his Friends and acquiantance in particular but though Petitioner hath continued Such search and enquiry for these Months past as aforesaid yet yr. petr. hath not been able to be an or gain any intelligence whatsoever except that your Petr. hath been informed that his sd. Master is gone to [...] and his wife who is gone to Service gives out to that Effect

That in consequence of yr. petr. being out of Em [...]

and being informed that he could have Relief be [...] Summons before any of his Majestys Justices for the sd. County tour Pt. took out a Sums as Ban Street for the purpose of getting relief and caused such Summons to be served at his Masters late House but [...] upon Attending the return thereof the Majistrates desired yr. Petr. to apply to this Worshipful Court for relief.

Yr.. Petr. by the consent and Approbation of his Father most humbly prays this Worshipful Court will be pleased to take the Premises into their consideration and Grant such Relief to yr. Petrs. as to your Wisdom shall Seem meet.

And Yr. Petitioner will ever pray Wm Prockter

William Procter Son of Christopher Procter of Richmond in the County of Surry Fruiterer the above name app [...] and the said Christopher Procter make Oath and say they have heard the above Writter Petition read and that the Matters therein contained an true

Sworn in Court this 15 Septemr. 1795 Hall}

Wm. Prockter Christopher Prockter

