To the Rt Worshipfull his Majestys Justices of the peace for the County of Middlesex in their general Quarter Sessions assembled.

The humble Petition of Alexander Gage of the Parish of St. Paul Covent garden in the Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex Perukemaker.

Sheweth That by Indenture bearing date the 19th. day of August 1743 George which was bound an Apprentice to your Petitioner by the then Churchwardens and Overseer of the poor of the parish of Charlton in the County of Kent to Serve from the day of the date [...] of the said Indre untill the said George Winch should accomplish his age of twenty four years according to the Statute in that case made and provided

That your Petr. imediately took the said George Winch to his house and provided competent and sufficient meal drink Apparrele lodging and all other thing's necessary and fit for an Apprentice agreeably to the terms of the said Indenture, and during the time be continued with him, taught and instructed him in the best manner he was able in his trade of Perukemaking

That for about eighteen months past the said Apprentice has not only been disorderly and disobedient to Your Petr. and his Family, but about a year ago ran away from him and was absent a week or thereabouts And has frequently since neglected to attend your Petrs. Customers by which means Your Petr has been greatly injured in his business. And the said apprentice has been so far from being concern [...] his [...] Misbehaviour and neglect of duty, that he has frequently declared, he would follow his business no longer but would go to Sea, and has often told your Petr. Servants that he would not work, and that if your Petr. corrected him he would make a riot in the Street and break your Petrs. Windows and do other mischief, and has several time's threatned to run away from your Petr., notwithstanding your Petr. never treated him with any Sort of Severity, and about three months ago he actually ran away from your Petr. and has never returned to his Service Since

Your Petitioner therefore humbly prays that this Court would be pleas'd to order the said Apprentice's discharge from your Petitioner or that ye Court would [...] make such other order therein as shall be reasonable and just

And your Petr shall pray Etc

J. Spranger Agt. for [...] the Petitioner

