To the Rt. Worshipfull his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlx in- their General Sessions of the Peace Assembled

Sheweth The humble petitions of Thomas Nerssell

That your Petr. by Indentures of Apprenticehood bearing date the 19th. day of August 1720 your Petr. was bound an Apprentice by the name of Thomas Hessell to Richd. Slaughter of the parish of Saint Martin in ye feilds in the County of Middlx perriwigg maker for the term of Seven years to learn the Art of making Perriwiggs and Shaving in Considerations of which the said Slaughter received of your Petr. father in Law the sume of five pounds

That abt. 2 years age your Petr Master departed this life and that as well from his first being bound to ye time of his said Masters death and ever since your Petr. hath been very little mistracted in the said business of Perriwig making which slauder- ing he hath served upwards of five Years of the said term

That your Petr. apprehending he shall loose the benefit of his trade by contining with his said Masters Widow there being no Journey man to mistruct your Petr. since his said Masters death

Wherefore and for that your Petr is very willig and desirous to serve out the remainder of his time with such Master where he can be sufficiently instructed in the said Trade He

Therefore humbly Prays this Court will be pleased to Order that Mary Slaughter ye Widow of this said Master may attend this Court some day this prsent Genl. Sessions of the Peace to shew cause why your Petr. should not be discharged or Turried over to another Maser for better instructions in the said Trade or otherwise releived as to this Court shall seem meet

And your Petr. shall ever Pray Etc Thomas Nerssell

Middx ss Ad General Sessions paris Din Regis tent p Com Middx apnd Hicks Hall in St John Street in Com prd P Adjorn die Jovis Scilt nono die Decembris Anno rui Dui Georgy nunc Regis Magne Britannie Etc Duodecimo

It is Ordered by this Court that the within named Mary Slaughter widow of the within named Richard Slaughter have notice of this petition and that she do attend this Court on Saturday next at Ten of the Clock in ye forenoon to hear and abide the Judgment and Determination of this Court touching the Prmisses within mentioned

P Cur Walter

