To the Worshipfull his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Session of the Peace Assembled.

The Humble Petition of John Wells an Apprentice.

Sheweth That by Indentures of Apprenticeshipp bearing Date the Twenty first day of February One thousand Seven hundred and fifty five Your Petitioner was bound an Apprentice for the Term of Seven Years unto John Clarke of Liquor Pond Street in the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn in the County aforesaid Coachmaker

That your Petr. continued to live with and Dilligently & faithfully Served his said Master as a Apprentice from that time untill about a Year ago When his said Master being greatly Involved in Debt he Absconded for fear of being Arrested and Went to live in the Mint in the Burrough of Southwark in the County of Surry And upon his going there Gave Orders to One Henry Buxton an Articled Servant of his to take at Shop in Purpool lane in the said Parish of St. Andrew Holborn for your Petitioner and him to Work in Where your Petr. worked for the Space of three Months or there abouts When the said Henry Buxton Disaggreeing with your Petitioners said Master they Parted Upon which your Petitioners said Master Sent Orders for your Petr. to go and Work with his Brother William Clark a Coach maker in the Old Baily Your Petr. accordingly Went there and Worked with him for the Space of Six Months or thereabouts at the Expiration whereof your Petrs. said Master informed your Petitioner that he had found a Master for your Petitioner Whose Name was Dixon a Coach maker at Rotherhith Your Petr. thereupon Went there and Worked with Dixon about a Month Who then being informed that your Petrs. said Master and his family were gone abroad beyond Sea the said Dixon told your Petr. that he would keep him no longer being fearfull (by reason of your Petrs. said Master's not having Turned your Petr. over to him legally that his said Master might hereafter come upon him for Wages and Accordingly turned your Petitioner off which was in last Christmass Week Whereupon your Petr. being left Destitute Went down to his Friends in the Country

Your Petitioner therefore most humbly Prays your Worshipps to take the Premisses into Consideration and make an Order to Discharge your Petr. from his said Indenture of Apprenticeshipp and that Service of a Copy of this Petition and the Order to be made hereon, upon the said William Clarke your Petrs. said Masters Brother may be Deemed good Service, Or that your Worshipps will be pleased to make such other Order herein as to your Worshipps shall Seem Meet

And your Petitioner shall ever pray Etc John Wells

Middx. At the General Session of the peace holden at Hick's Hall in St. John Street in and for the County of Middx on Monday the 20th. day of February in the thirty first Year of the Reign of George the Second King of Great Britain Etc

It is Ordered by this Court That the within named William Clarke have Notice of the within Petition And that he and all parties concerned do Attend this Court on Wednesday next at ten of the Clock in the forenoon of the Same day then and thereto hear and Abide the Judgment and Determination of this Court touching the Matters contained in the said Petition

By the Court Waller

