To the Rt: Worshipfull his Majties. Justices of the Peace for the County of Middx in Quarter Sessions Assembled Etc.

The humble petition and Appeale of the persons whose Names are hereunto Subscribed being the late and prsent Overseers of the poor and other Inhabitants of the parish of St. Giles without Cripplegate in the said County.

Sheweth That you Petitioners and appellan to being Credibly Informed That Thomas Rand and John Fuller Esqrs. Two of his Majesties Justices of the peace for the said County (Quor unus) Inhabiting in and near the said Parish of St. Giles without Cripplegate (and in the Division in which the sd. parish doth Lye) Did by an order under their Hands and Seales dated the Second Day of this Instant aprill Will and require John King late Churchwarden of the said parish to make and yeilding unto them (They being the Justices who principally if not altogether have Granted and Signed Orders directed to the said John King for Moneys necessary for the releife of the Casual poor of the said parish and who have kept Registers for the said Order) a true and perfect account of all Sumes of Money by him Reced or Rated and assessed and not reced And of all such Stock as is in his hands or in the hands of any of the Poor to Work and of all other Things Concerning his Said Office according to the Terme of the Statute in that Case made and provided Which Said Account he hath refused to made and Yeild up before the Said Thomas Rand and John Fuller Esqrs, but instead thereof has procured his Accounts to be passed and Allowed by Felix Feast and John Perry Esqrs two of his Majties Justices of the peace for the said County, (but Dwelling out of the Division in which the Said Parish doth Lye) And your Petitioner and appellante beleiving That there is Considerable Sumes of Money either Misapplyed or in the hands of the said John King belonging to the Said Parish The said John King having frequently refused to Obey severall Order Signed by the Said John Fuller Esqr. which tis reasonable to beleive he have brought to his Account

Your Petitioners and Appellants Therefore Comeieing themselves very much aggreived in the sd. Premisses and many other unwarrantable practices of the Said John King humbly pray That he may be obliged to make [---] Yeilds up and Render his Accots. before the Said Thomas Rand and John Fuller Esqrs. and Such other Justices of the Peace as dwell in the Division in which the Said parish doth lye Or that they may be otherwise releived as your Worships in your great Wisdom Shall think fitt.

Tho: Gearing The Marke of [x] William Judd James Bull William Pattenden

And your Petitioners and Appellants Shall ever pray Etc.

John Harris Wm Rawlinson} Present Overseers of the Poor

The Marke of RB Richard Brown Elisha Bently John Hom Robt Champ} late Overseers of the poor

