To the Honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament Assembled

The Humble Petition of the several Churchwardens and Overseers of the poor for the different Parishes and Liberties within the Hundred of Gore in the County of Middlesex Vizt The Parishes of Harrow, Hendon, Stanmore Magna and Stanmore Perin Kingsbury and Edgeware, and the Hamlet of Pinner

Sheweth The following is a Statement of the present valuation of the deffonent Parishes therein mentd with the [...] Sum assessed, when will serve to shew the great in equally which wants remedy That the County Rates made by the Justices at the Quarter Sessions for the County of Middlesex had upon an Average) for some years altho' in the beginning of the present Century the annual Sum was only £300. past amounted to the Sum of £11,000 yearly [---] As an Instance the present one qualities in the levying of this Rate ye. Several Parishes and Liberties following [---] are assessed in the following proportions Vizt [---] (Vizt.)

Value

Assessed Quota's

£

St. Giles in the Fields & St. Geo: Bloomsbury 100,00 733.6.8 Saint James Westminster 122.330 833 18.9 St. Martin in the Fields 124.000 835.4.2¼ St, Margaret and St. John Westminster 62.000 597.8.8 St. Paul Covent Gard

That in the year 1796 the Parish of St Marylebonne was assessed to the said County Rates of the Sum of 40.2.1 £58..6s..8d although the annual value or Rental of the said parish, amounts to the enormous Sum of £900.000

That in the year 1779 the parish of St. Paul Covent Garden at the Instance & request of sevl of the other Parishes [---] "is ye. Quarter Sessions against the quota assessed upon them [---] and afterwards removed the Cause into the Court of Kings Bench, where Lord Mansfield delivered the Opinion of the Court in the following Words "There "is a great Hardship in this late, but the point is settled his "the Authority in Parker, and we can give no relief. "The Divisions of the Landcare were settled in the year "1694. By the increase of the Metropolis it happened "that a great Quantity of Land in Westminster has since "been built upon, but the act having laid the Tax upon "the Division, the Division is no further liable than before "In this case, to be sure, the subject is different; but the "reason is the same is both. By this Act, County Rates "are to be collected in the same manner as Rates have "been usually collected in the several Districts upon parishes " [...] nomine, and not upon Individuals We have no

"Authority to alter this proportion, notwithstanding change of "Circumstances; and although Convinced that the Equity of the "late is with the Appellants As to what is said of the "Justices discretionary power, it is applicable to the time "when? and not the manner how". and added " that "the grievance complained of could only he redressed by "Parliament."

That your Petitioners humbly apprehend the only proper and just principle of rating in according to a fair valuation of the ratable property in each parish Liberty and place in the County.

Your Petitioners therefore humbly pray for leave to bring in a Bill to empower the Justices at the Quarter Session for the County of Middlesex to make an equal County rate upon every Parish or Liberty according to the valuation of the ratable property therein respectively

