To The Right Worshippfull Justice Offly and the [...] ress of the Justices now Setting as Hickse's Hall London

May it Please yor. Worshipps wee whose names are here to Subscribes doe humbly certifie to yor. worshipps that one John Griffies (now a Prisons to bee tryed this Sessions before this worshippfull Bench for Stealing Iron from one Mr. Carter) is es wee doe verilg beleive a very honest man and not in the least Guilty of ye. Sd fact haveing Served his apprentice Shipp and Lived in our Parish & neighbourhood twenty Years or upwards and Lived & behaved himselfe amongst us very Soberly Civilly and honestly to the best of our knowledge haveing never heard of any misdemeanour from him upon any accounts whatsoever before this hee allsoe worked Journey worke Seaven or Eight years with one Mr. Borgan A Smith whose name is Underwritten & doth testifie hee behaved himselfe very honestly all the time while hee was with him And wee doe verily beleive hee discharged himselfe Very faithfully allso to ye. aforesaid Mr. Carter with whome he Lately worked Journey worke for Some time but When the poore Prisoner Griffies Demanded his Wages that was due to him (which is three pounds or thereabouts) his sd Master Mr. Carter Refused it him and because hee would not pay him (as wee humbly conceive) fell out with him and [---] Layd this (as wee suppose) unjust Felony to his charge And therefore it is May is Please yor. Worshipps that in the poore Prisoners behalfe wee become humble petitioners to this worshippfull board to take thee sd Case into Consideraon and if it may Phase yor. Worshipps that ye. Sd Mr. Carter may (if hee cannot prove the sd felony upon the Prisoner) not onely pay him yr. sr. Prisoner the Wages due to him as aforesd but allso make him Some Satisfaction for his Six weeks Imprisonment wherein hee hath Lost his time & worke to maintaine himselfe & his wife as allsoe for the Defamation of an honest though poore man who ought not as wee conceive with humble Submission. to Suffer wrongfully for being poore Thus much wee thought it our Duties in honestly & Good Conscience humbly to Certifie to yor. Worshipps Leaving the Issue to God And your Worshipps

William Parkere [...] Fleming Mikel Read

Joseph Burgoyne John Couly Hen: Dorssnig John Watson

