Middlesex April} Quarter Sessions} To the Worshipful His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace Assembled

The Humble Petition of James Buckerridge Thos Ranks Thomas Goyer Willm Perrin John Fox Wm. Jones Thomas Dutch James Vango and Willm. Knightley (a Committe Appointed by the Journeymen Silk Weavers Working within the Said County for the More conveniently carrying into effect a Certain Act of Parliament made and Passed in the 13th. Year of his Present Majesty's Reign entitled an Act to impower the Magistrates "therein mentioned to Settle and Regulate the Wages of Persons employed "in the Silk Manufacture within their respective Jurisdictions") On behalf of themselves and all other the Said Journeymen Weavers.

Sheweth "That it is by the Said Act of Parliament enacted (among other things) That "the Wages and Prices of Work of the Journeymen Weavers Working within the County of "Middlesex Shall be Settled regulated and declared by the Justices of the Peace for the Said "County at their General quarter Sessions of the Peace and the Said Justices of the Peace "are thereby authorize and empowered from time to time upon application being made "to them for that purpose to Settle regulate order and declare the Wages and Prices of "Work of the Journeymen Weavers Working within their Jurisdiction as aforesaid

That Some time after the Publishing the Said Act of Parliament upon applicat. being made to the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions holden for the Sd. County the said Justices of the Peace did Settle Regulate the Prices Wages of the Journeymen employed in the Sd. Silk Manufacture But upon such application no notice whatever was taken of a certain Article of the said Manufacture called Toilet Gauze by means whereof Considerable Injury hath Accrued to the Journeymen employed in that part of the Manufacture the Masters having Reduced the Prices or Wages Originally paid or given for Manufacturing the Same although the Labour now Enquired in making the said Gauze is much greater than it formerly used to be

That your Petitioners have [...] divers applicats.(by Letter) to the Major part of the Master Silk Weavers Soliciting them to meat your Petitioners on behalf of so themselves and the Said Journeymen for the purpose of settling & establishing the Prices and Wages that ought to be Paid for the making the Said Toilet Gauze but to such Solicitations the said Master Weavers have Paid no Regards

Your Petitioners therefore most humbly pray that the Court with Settle regulate and order the Wages and Prices of Journeymen Manufacturing the said Toilet Gauze According to the list or Schedule hereto annexed, being the fair and Proper Prices that ought to be paid for the same

And your Petitioners will ever pray Etc.

Jas Buckridge Thos Franks Thos Goyer

Willm Perrin Jno Fox [...] Jones

Thos Dutch James Vange Wm Knightley

