To the Rt. Worshipfull the Chairman, and to the Right Worship full the Bench of Justices, now Sitting at Hick's Hall

The humble Petition of Margarett Garnier

Sheweth That She is the Wife of John Garnier now in his Majestys Servise, and has three young helpless Children by him, and do not know the Minitt of produceing the fourth, being at the Period as may be visible to yr. Worships in Court if requir'd.

That about Six months agoe one Ellenr. Ivelin Sent for yr: Petr. to her house, upon wch. yr. Petr. went to her, at wch. time said Ivelin Grocely abus'd her, and Provok'd yr. Petr. to that Degree, that She in like manner resented the abuse, upon wch, Said Ivelin took yr. Petr. upon a Warrant, and bound her over to appear before yr. worships, and to obey yr. Honble. Court waited, and is in Danger of her life Standing not knowing the moment of her Crying out being at prsent. afflicted wth. pains.

That this Ivelin made such discords, and Disturbances betwi [...] yr. Petr. and her husband from time to time by Ilegal Contrivances and under hand dealings, that he was like to quit yr. Petr. only for the persuation of Good Neighbours, then out of revenge in not bringing her Malice to bear brought [...] yr. Petitionr to this distress. that in regard of yr. Petrs. large Family, & Poverty a friend recomended him to his Maties. Servise, and as yet has receiv'd no benefitt thereby, tho. observes his duty, that another friend pass'd their word for two Hoggsheads of be or from time to time, to help the Children, and through this Malicious proceedings is like they will do it no more

Therefore in respect yr. Petr, is in so Desperate, and Deplorable a Condition, and if lost, or detain'd thro'. the Spitefull alogation of her adversary, her Children must be of Charge to the Parrish, humbly Craves Mercy at yr. hands, as she has no other dependance only relying upon yr. Worships Clemen -cible Compassion, and she will as in duty bound Ever

She wou'd tend the last Sessions only being Sick abed; and so prov'd in yr. Honble. Court}

Pray

