To the Right Worshipfull His Majestyes Justices of the Peace for the County of Middx now Sitting at Hicks Hall in the Sd. County.

The Humble Peticon of Eliza King

Sheweth That Yor. Petr. was in the Year 1714 bound Apprentice by the Overseers of the Pish of St. Andrews Holborne in the County of Middlx to One Ann Stringar A Midwife (who was then Marryed to one Mr. Wm Maesmore) of the said Pise in Order to learn the Art & Mistery of a Semptress And the Sd. Overseers gave with yor. Petr. the Sume of 40s. or thereabouts as is usuall in the like Caset [...]

That as soon as yor. Petr. came to her sd. Mistress She yor. Petr. sd. Mistress sent yor. Petr. to her Mothers (who kept a Coffee House in Holborne) where yor. Petr. was Obliged to do all the Work of the House vizt. washing the Rooms Etc.

That after yor. Petr. had been there for abt. three Quarters of A year her Mistress Sd. Mother (Mrs. Biggs) refuseing to give yor. Petr. any wages her Sd. Mistress recalled her from thence & put her out to Service to one Plomer A Carpentar near the Charter House at the rate of 20s. a Year & after yor. Petr. had been there abt. one Month her Mistress put her to One Carter a Shoe maker at the rate of 40s. A year.

That after yor. Petr. had been there likewise abt. A Month her Mistress fell ill & Sent for yor. Petr. home to her & obliged her to lay with her & her Husband (yor. Petr. being then abt. 17 or 18 years of Age) but yor. Petr. complaineing there of her Mistress gave her [...] to buy Some Straw to lay upon.

That yor. Petr. in the Months time did not do One Stich of Work relateing to ye Business She was to learn but in stead there of was put out to service as afd. & after that yor. Petr. by the Consent & Approbacon of her sd. Mistress went to service to One Sarah Gilbert (where She is now) at 30s. A year from wheme her Mistress has often Sumoned her & to come horne to her & bring her Wages with her & threatens yor. Petr. & her Sd now Mistress to A great Degree.

Therefore yor. Petr. humbly prays yor. Worshipps that she may be Discharged from the service of the said Anne Stringar als Maesmore & that she may return the money She had with Yor. Petr. either to her or for her use & the rather for that whilst yor. Petr. was with her Mistress sd. Mother She had hance any Cloaths to her Back & was likewise almost Starved for wth. She had done her Work & wanted Victualls the the Sd. Mistress Biggs used to Say You are my Daughters Servt. & must have it there And wn. Yor. Petr. came there, No, says her Mistress, You did yor. Work at my Mothers & pray have it there.

And Yor. Petr. as in Duty bound Shall ever pray Etc.

