To the Worshipful His Majestys Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Session of the Peace Assembled.

The Humble Petition of Johnson of Knights Bridge.

Sheweth That your Petitioner is a Coach Master Residing at Knights Bridge in the County of Middlesex and employs among other Carriages, a Coach Licenced by the Commissioners for Regulation Hackney Coaches And Chairs No. 21 for which he pays to Government a Duty of £26 per Annum.

That your Petitioner was or about the 18th day of August last Summoned before John Spiller Esqr. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County for keeping and employing a certain Coach as a Public Stage Coach for the purpose of Conveying Passenger for Hire to and from different Place Within the Kingdom of Great Britain to wit from Piccadilly to Kew Bridge without having as is Alled [...] first Obtained a Licence for that purpose in manner prescribed by the Statute in that Case made and Provided.

That it Appeared in Evidence before the [...]

said Magistrate that the Coach so complained of for having been worked as a Stage Coach within the Distance Aforesaid was one and the same identical Coach for which Commissioners for Licencing and Regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs had granted tour Petitioner a Licence to work within certain Districts under their Authority or Jurisdiction and for which your Petitioner pay'd said Duty of £26 per Annum and that such Coach was worked within such District only.

That the said Magistrate Notwithstanding such Evidence Convicted your Petitioner of the Offence stated in such Summons and Ordered your Petitioner to pay the Penalty imposed by the said Act when your Petitioner entered into a Recognizance in Order to Appeal against such Conviction

That your Petitioner apprehends the said Magistrate hath erred in this Judgment relative to such Conviction and therefore.

Your Petitioner pays that he may be heard by himself or his Counsel in the Nature of Appeal Against such Conviction in the present General Quarter Session of the Peace.

And your Petitioner shall pray

