To the Right Worshipfull his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the for the County of Middx. now Assembled in Sessions.

The Humble Petition as Catherine Hovey Widow of George Hovey deceas'd on behalfe of herselfe & two poor Chilldren

Sheweth That by an Order made at the Generall Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the sd County of Middx. at Hicks hall on fryday the Tenth day of January in the third year of her late Majesty Queen Ann (on complaint [...] made by the then Church Wardens and Overseers of the Poore of the Parish of Sd. Andrews Holborne in the sd County of Middx) whereby it was Alledged, That George Hovey Yor. Petitrs. late Husband and his Wife and Chilldren were Legally Settled in the said Parish and were then Chargeable to the said Parish and likely to continue so the sd. George Hovey being these in Goale for Debt And that Francis Hovey Widdow Inhabitant of the sd. Parish was lawfull mother of the sd. George Hovey and was of Sufficient Abillity to maintain her sd. Son his Wife and Childe. And Whereas it these Appear'd to the Court That the sd. Frances Hovey had been legally Sumond to attend the Court to shew Cause why she sheld not maintaine her sd Son and his family dureing such time as they were Chargeable as Aforesd. which she Neglected and refus'd to doe. It was then Adjudg'd by the Court, That the sd Frances Hovey as Mother to the sd. George Hovey, and being of Abillity [...] Aforesd. ought to maintain her sd. Son and his Family at her own Costs and Charges according to the Statute in that Care made and provided dureing the time they shold be chargeable to the said Parish and Accordingly the Court did these Assess the sum of two Shillings and Six pence p Week to be paid Every monday Weekly to the Church Wardens and Overseers of the sd. Parish towards the Beleife of the sd. George Hovey his Wife & Childes long as they sheld continue Chargeable to Sd. Parish, The first payment to be made on the 22d. day of January them Instant and in Care of Newpayment there of, That the sd. Francis Hovey shold forfeit twenty Shillings for Every month she shold faule therein As by the sd. Order sd made as Aforesd. will appear. And Whereas the sd. Church Wardens and their Overseers for these twenty Years last past, have paid Yor. Petitrs. late husband in his life time two Shillings p Week only and nothing to Yor. Petitrs. since his decease Contrary to the Tenor of the said Order Whereby there in a great A [...] of [...] the sd., Weekly payment due to Yor. Petitr. towards the maintainance of her s [...] and her Childe as aforesd. Which the Now Church Wardens and Overseers due Absolutely refuse to pay, At tho' the same has been Illegally demanded.

Therefore Yor. Petr. humbly Prays to be releiv'd in all the matters beforementiond, as to this Court shall seem meet.

And Yor. Petr. shall Ever Pray etc.

A Copy of the - Order thereon

