To the Right Worpll. His Majties: Justices of the Peace at the Sessions of the Peace Holden for the [...] County of Middlx at Hicks Hall

The Humble Petion of Richard Morgan Senjr.

Sheweth That yor Peticonrs. Son Richard Morgan was in or abt. Feby. 1714 put as an Apprentice to one Thomas Barker of the Pish of St. Giles in the County of Middx Shooemaker and Served him Faithfully as Such upwards of two years, but during that he having been Evely treated by his Said Master Complained thereof and was by Consent on all Sides Discharged from his Said Appreniceship before Mr Justice Ellice

That in Janry. 1716 Yor Peticon. Said Sonn was againe put as an Apprentice to one Michael Beedle of the Same Pish & Trade whom he hath ever Since Alsoe Served in like Manner; alther Very Severely used in diverse respects by his Said Mastr. who on or about the 25 day of May last was Arrested for Debt & Carryed into Wood Street Compter London where he still remaines a Prisonr. in a very poore Condition In so much that he is not able either to keep his said Apprentice Emply'd in his Said Trade, or to provide proper or Sufficient foode Lodging & Necessaryes for him according to the Indentures or as the Law in that Case requires and the Said Apprentice Complaining thereof & Applying to your Peticonrs. for Releife, your Peticonrs. there on went to the Said Michael Beedell in Wood Street Complter to know the truth of the said Matters & finding what the Said Apprentice had Reported of his hard usage & that his said Mastes. was in a very poore Condition to be tend Yor. Peticonr. did propose & offer to take the said Apprentice house to his Ann house & provide for him for a month or two or longer (at his own peace) till he the Said Beedle night procure his liberty if that could begaines or pormed in any reasonable time. whereto the Said Beedle replyed that the would not agree to or allow of any Such thing for that the would have his Said Apprentice remaine with & lye with luin in Prison As he had done for about three Weekes before

That your Peticonr. went a Second time to the said Beadell to try if he could prevaile with him to lett the said Apprentice cause to his house for some time for the reasons a aforesaid; and yor Peticoner not Seeing his Sen there with his Said Mastr. Enquried of him where he was where on his Master told your Petr. that he was gone out to play (by his Consent) he having no work for him to do

That upon your Peticoner. reterning home found his Said son was come there, to begg a paire of Shooes of your Peticoner. he not having any that were fitting to be Worne; which was on Whiteson Monday last; Since which time your Peticonr. hath at his own Charge taken, are of & provided for his Said Son to prevent his returning to the Goyle [...] and getting itt Distempers or learing the ill Customes there, where upon the said Michael Beedell Caused his Sd Apprentice to be Cryed by the Bradle of the Parish of St. James (where yor Petr lives) before Yor. Petrs Door, to whome yor Petr. Promised to Appeare this P Sent Session on the behalf of him Selfe Said Son. who gave [...] notice [...] to his said Master or Caused the same to be served on him in the Said Complr. in Wood Street

Therefore Yor. Peticonr. Humbly Prays his Said Son May be discharged from his St. Apprenticeship & Master P that your Pettion [...] nay beind emp is to ed Etc

