To the Worshipful the Justices of the County of Middlesex in their General Session Assembled

The humble Petition of Peter Weldon

Sheweth That your petitioner on or about the 17th. day of April 1759 was bound Apprentice to One Francis Tustin then of Tooley Street Southwark Jeweller who Soon after taking up his Freedom in the City of London your petitioner was again bound to him According to the Custom of the Said City

That said Francis Tustin using your Petr. extremely Ill by not Allowing him Sufficient Meat Drink and Cloathing which he ought to have done according to the Tenor of his Indenture & by other Cruel Treatment towards your Petr. and in particular by frequently absenting himself from his House & making no provision for your Petr. Your Petr. was under the Necessity of applying for Relief and Accordingly about the End of Decr. 1760 did apply to the Mayors Court And it Appearing to the Court that your Petr. had been very lll Used and that Trustin Occupied no Shop or Room within the City or the Liberties thereof the Court was on the 6th. day of February 1761 pleased to Order that Petr. Should be wholly discharged from the said Francis Tustin of the remainder of the Term of his Apprenticeship

That after your Petr. was discharged as aforesaid he (not being able to get himself turned Over to Another Mar.) Obtained Employment from different persons for his Support which the Said Tustin discovering he in Order to Oppress and Injure your Petr. as for as in him lay threatned and still doth threaten to Commence Actions against the persons who have Employed your Petr. alledging that Petr. is Shill is Apprentice by virtue of the first Indenture and because your Petr. refused to live with him after his Discharge by the Mayor's Court as aforesaid has Several times apprehended your Petr. and taken him before different Magistrates as an Idle and Disorderly Apprentice and still insists on has Serving him and threatens to prosecute your Petr. for refusing So to do

Your Petr. therefore most humbly prays your Worships to take this Inre into Considn. to discharge

Discharge him from the said Francis Tustin by virtue of the first Indenture and to grant your Petr. Such further relief in the premes as to your Worships shall Seem Meet

And yor. Petr. (as in Duty bound) shall ever pray Etc

P. Weldon

