To the Worshipfull his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace assembled

The humble Petition and Appeal of William Redshaw Robert Bartholomew Joseph Norwood & Robert Forrest Scavengers for the Parish of Saint James Clerkenwell in the County of Middlesex

Sheweth That your Petitioners were Convicted before Henry Fielding Esqr. one of his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex the nineteenth day of March last past in the penalty of Sixteen Pounds for not bringing or Causing to be brought on either of the several and respective days following to wit on the eleventh and fifteenth days of the said month of March (the same being no Sundays or Holidays) into a Street called Warner Street which is in the said Parish of St. James Clerkenwell any Cart Dung Pot or other fitting Carriage and not giving notice in such manner that all Persons concerned might bring forth their respective Dust Dirt Ashes fifth and Soll and also for not sweeping & carrying or causing to be carried away the Dust Dirt Ashes fifth and Seil from Warnes Street aforesaid.

That the said penalty of Sixteen Pounds was by the direction of the said Mr. Fielding paid into the hands of Mr. Giles Morefield the Prosecutor one Moiety whereof has been by him paid to Mr. Thomas Lister One of the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint James Clerkenwell for the use of the Poor of the said Parish

That your Petitioners humbly conceive the said Conviction is illegal and that they ought not to have paid the sd Sum of Sixteen Pounds

Your Petitioners therefore humbly Pray Your Worships that the said Conviction may be quashed and that the said Mr. Giles Merefield and Mr. Thomas Listen may be Ordered to restore to Your Petitioners the said Sum of Sixteen Pounds or to grant to your Petitioners such relief in the Premisses as to your Worships shall seem meet

And Your Petitioners (as in duty bound) will ever Pray Etc.

William Readshaw Robert Bartholomew Joseph Norwood R: Fore [...]

