To the right Worshipfull His Maties Justices of the Peace assembled at the Quarter Sessions held at Hicks's Hall for the County of Middlesex,

The humble Peticon of William Walker, Late one of the Scavengers of the Parish of St. Matins in the Feilds in the City of Westmister,

Sheweth, That upon a Former Peticon addressed unto Yor. Worships by Your Peticoner in February 1698. Setting forth his Disbursement of the Sum of above Seven Pounds more than the Monies, which he collected in the time of his Scavengership for Spur Alley ward in the abovesaid Parish did amount unto, & Praying Yor. Worships Relief them upon, you will then pleased to Reserr [...] by Order of Court his said Peticon to His Maties Justices of the Peace for the above said County meeting at the next Petty Sessions in the Vestry house of the above said Paish of St. Martin's, to Pamine the Truth of the Same, & to make Order therein for Yor Peticoner's Relief:

That Yor. Petr. there upon addressed himself by Sundry Peticons unto the Said Justices duly at the Several Petty Sessions their since following, and proved by their Order not only his former Accompt, but also a Later one for the year 1697. Both which Accopts, together with his incident Costs & Charges in the execution of the Office of Scavenger by him in the years afore said, amount unto about Eighteen Pounds, or upwards; as may appear by the Books signed by the respective Burgesses,which are made to be by him produced:

But now for as much as that he hath not been able to obtain from the said Justices he this to any manner of Relief for the no- imbursement of the above said Sums [...] ppeneded by him, not with- standing Yor Worship's above said Order, & another made by You at the Quarter Sessions hold on the Fourth day of January in the Ninth year of His Maties Reign; That, upon the respectives Sca- vengers paying the Rat [...] Accompt's then Peticoned for by him the said Scavengers Should be allowed the said Sums, which [...] to be deducted out of their Receipts upon on their making up their Accompts with the Paish; and, if such Receipts should prove de- ficient [...] ,and Additional Rate should be made for the Scavengers Re imbursement:

Your poor Peticoner these [...] most humbly Prays Yor Worships to be pleased to take the Premisses now into serious Consideration, together with the length of Tim [...] which he hath been out of his Mony; as well as his loss of Time in his Calling to look aster the Recovery then of to the great Imporishment of himself & Family; & there- upon to make such final Order for his Relief; that other Persons may not tuwaster be discouraged from serving the Publick by the Example of his Sufferings for the Sample

And Yor. Petr. shall ever Pray, Etc

