To the Rt. Worpll. his Maties Justices of the peace for the County of Middlx now Assembled at their Genall Quarter Sessions of the peace held by adjournmt. for the sd. County

The humble Peticon and Appeale of Robert Durrance.

Sheweth. That yor. Peticoner is an Inhabitant in the parish of St. Giles Cripplegate in the said County, and is rated much more to the poors rate of the said parish than Severall [---] other Inhabitants of the said parish who are of better ability and pay greater rents than yor. petr. wherefore yor. petr. thinks himself aggreived in the same for that he is rated five Shillings in the pound (according to the rent of his house) when in truth two Shillings and Six pence the pound would more than maintain the poor of the said parish if the Inhabitants were all equally Assessed And further Sheweth That yor. petr. did in January Sessions last peticon this Court and thereupon did obtain an Order of Referrence to Felix Feast, Richd. Browne. John Fuller, Benjamin Hilton and Alexander Ward Esqrs. Justices of the peace for this County or any two of them to examine into the truth of yor. petrs. Complaint & to Certifie their Opinions touching the Justices unto the next Gent. Quartl. Sessions of the peace to be held for this County upon which Ordr. yor. petr. procured a Sumon undr the hand of John Fuller Esqrs one of the Said referrees for the Churchwardens & Ovrseers of the poor of the sd. parish to attend him & others his Maties Justices of the peace in the Sd Ordr. of referrence menconed on Fryday the Eleventh day of Febry instant wth. Sumons being upon the back of the sd. peticon & Ordr. of referrence yor. petr Showing the Same to the Churchwardn. of the sd: parish he took the same from yor. petr. & refused to deliver it back again So that yor. Petr: could not be heard upon his sd. Appeale before the said Justices the Sd. Churchwarden not then Attending.

Wherefore yor. Petr. preys Such releif in the prmisses as to yor. Worspps Shall Seem meet

And Shall ever pray Etc

