To the Worshipful His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Session of the Peace Assembled

The humble Petition of John Wright upon an Indenture of Apprenticeship with Joseph Rose now of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone in the County of Middlesex aforesaid Plaisterer

Sheweth That Your. Petr. some time in the Year 1753 was by Indenture of Apprenticeship bound to the said Joseph Rose then of Doncaster in the County of York Plaisterer for seven years Commencing from the Date thereof and his Master in Consideration of twenty pounds was to teach him his said Art & Business which he then followed

That his said Master among other Branches of his said Trade & Business then followed that of St [...] Work, but this he refused to instruct Your Petr. in Pretending he was not obliged to do it because it was not particularly mentioned in the said Indentures of Apprentiship Notwithstanding he had no Cause or Objection against Your Petrs. Behaviour in his said Apprentiship But by this Means his said Master gained upon Your Petr. Youth & inexperience & prevailed on him in Order to get at the Knowledge of this Branch to enter into another Indenture of Apprentiship on the following Terms to wit

By an Indenture of Apprenticeship bearing Date the 31st. of July 1756 Your Petr. as an Apprentice was bound to the said Joseph Rose for another Term of seven Years Commencing from the Date of the said last mentioned Indenture And in Consideration of five Shillings the Master was to teach Your Petr. the Art & Business of a St [...] Worker & Plaisterer which he then followed-And the Master was in this, so unreasonable towards Your Petr. that Your Petr. was to be allowed but nine Shillings a Week for the two last Years of this Term Tho' in [...] thereof Your Petr. was to find himself in Apparel of all Sorts for all the Term

That the said Master does in his said Plaisterer's Business perform also the Branch of Bass Relieve & this he keeps as secret as much as possible from Your Petr. & never instructed him therein With Intent its presumed according to his former Treatment to get a further Servitude out of Your Petr on this Account if he might

That the Imposition of the said Master upon your Petr. has been very Injurious & is greatly detrimental to Your Petr.

Your Petitioner therefore humbly prays Your Worships will be pleased to grant to him such Relief in the Premisses as you shall judge he is justly Intitled to

And Your Petitioner shall ever Pray Etc

John Wright

