To the Worshipful his Majestys Justices of the peace for the County of Middlesex at this Time Assembled at their Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden at Hick's hall in Saint John Street in & for the sd. County of Middlesex

The humble Petition of Edward Oldfield Son of Edward Oldfield of Wellington in the County of Salop Tallow Chandler

Sheweth That your Petitioner was on the 12th: day of April which was in the year of our Lord 1756 put Apprentice to Edward Webb then of Wellington aforesaid but now of Red Lyon Street in the parish of Saint George the Martys in the said County of Middlesex Watch Maker to learn his Act & to live with him after the manner of an Apprentice for the Term of seven Years

That by [---] Indentures duly executed a Consideration of Five pounds was paid as an Apprentice Fee & your Petitioners said Master was to find him Sufficient Meat drink Washing & Lodging during the sd. Term & your Petitioners sd Father them executed to the said Mr. Webb one bond or Obligation in the penalty of Ten pounds for the due Service & honesty of your Petitioner & now in the said Mr. Webb possession

That your Petitioner has Served his sd. Master upwards of three years & on half & has not been Taughtor instructed by his sd. Master in the said business as an Apprentice ought to be & many Times hath not had sufficient Meat & drink for the Support of your Petitioner

That your Petitioner during the whole Term aforesaid has been often hicked & beaten by his sd. Master in a barbarous Manr without any just Prosecution & particularly your Petitioner on or about the First day of October last was also beaten by his sd. Master in a most Cruel manner in so much as to compet your Petitioner to apply to Saunders Welch Esqr for his Warrt. to apprehend his sd. Mar. for such barbarous Usage to give an Account thereof

That the sd. Mr. Welch being very sensible of the I'll Treatment your Petitioner had not with from his sd. Master by the marks of Violence then shewn to him did upon your Petrs. Complaint to him as aforesaid Grant his Warrant for the apprehending his said Master & by virtue thereof your Petitioners said Mar [...] brot. before the sd: Mr Welch who then severely reprimanded him for such ill Usage to your petitioner & your Petrs: sd. Master did then promise & agree that he wod. servd for your Petrs. said Indentures which he pretended was then in- Shropshire & that so soon as the same came to hand he wod. wait upon the sd. Mr. Welch & deliver the same up to be Cancelled & then voluntarily offered your Petr. his LIberty to work with any other Master in the mean time he shod. think proper without any Molestation from him

That your Petitioner relying on such the promise & Assurance of his sd. Master did accordingly apply for & procured Employ from another Master & went to

work at his sd. business with the sd. Master accordingly & notwith standing your petitioners sd. Mars. (Mr. Webb) Assurances & promise as afsd. to the sd. Mr. Welch he Caused your Petitioner to be apprehended by virtue of a Warrt. from John Fielding Esquire dated the 31st. day of October last for being midle disorderly Apprentice absenting himself from his Service without Leave. contrary to the Statute & your petitioner being in Pursce thereof carried before sd. Mr. Fielding & not being able immediately to make Application to his friends to become Sureties for his appearance at the then next ensuing General [---] Sessions of the peace wch. were held at Hick's hall the third day of December last. your petitioner was Committed to Tothill fields Bridewell & there remained until the fifth day of November following when your petitioner was Discharged upon giving bail for his Appearance as aforesaid

That your petitioner was ready in Court a the sd. Sessions to have Answered any Matter which the said Mr. Webb might then object agst: him but the said Mr: Webb did not think proper to proceed further in his prosecution against your petitioner wherefore your Petr. caused his said recognizance to be with drawn on the last day of the sd Sessions

That your petitioner & his friends have applied to the sd. Mr.- Webb in order to have him deliver up your petrs. Cloaths & to have him- discharged from his sd. Service when the said Mr. Webb absolutely refused to let your petitioner have his said Cloaths or to discharge him & threatens to prosecute any person who Larbours or employs your petitioner and insisted that your petitioner shall not live within Twenty Miles of London

Your Petitioner therefore most humbly prays that he may be discharged from his said Indenture of Apprenticeship in order to his being employed by some other Master or to make such other Order in the premisses as your Worships shall seem meet

And your petitioner shall ever pray Etc.

