To the [...] Worppfull his Majesties Justices of the peace for the County of Middx in their Genll. Quarter Sessions of the peace assembled by Adjornmt at Hicks hall in St John Street in & for the County aforesd.

The humble peticon & Appeale of Thomas Strode.

Sheweth That your Peticoner was by Virtue of a Warrt. issued out under the hand & Seale of James Jenyms Esqr one of his Majesties Justices of the peace for the County of Midex dated the 13th. day of Febry last past (against him & one John Wright Journey Cord wainer) taken up & brought before his Worpp for pawning & takeing to pawn a certaine Quantity of Goods of one James Laver Cordwainer (contrary to an Act of parliamt. in that case made & provided, and was convicted of the same before the Sd. Justice, and in obedience the Sd. Conviccen. your peticoner paid to the said James Laver the Sume of Seventeene Shillings for his prtended less and damage in detaining a pair of Womans Shoes that the said Laver then alleadged was his and pawned by the Sd. Wright to your peticoner, And charges in getting the Same, the really & bone side the said pair of Womans Shoes was not worth three Shillings & Six pence, and that the same was taken out of pawn from your peticonrs, Wife about a fortnight before the said Warrant was granted

That your petr. finding himself aggrieved by the said Conviccon did (pursuant to the direccon of the said Act of Parliamt.) on the 24 day of March last give notice in Writing to the said James Laver that he wod. appeale to this present Quarter Sessions of the peace to be helden here this day by Adjornmt. in order to be releived against the said Conviccon

That your Petr. further sheweth that be did likewise give notice in Writing to the said Justice that he would appeale this day & aforesd. agt. the said Conviccon, and desired him to certifye the said Conviccon to this prsent Sessions

Humbly prays that your Worpps will be pleased to order the said James Laver to attend this Court some day this present Generall Quarter Sessions of the peace To shew cause why yer peticoner should not be releived in the prmed according to Law & Justice

And yer. petr. shall over pray Etc.

