To the Rt. Worshipfull His Majty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middx in their Generall Quarter Sessions assembled.

The humble Petition & Appeale of the Churchwardens & Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. Mildred in the Poultry in the City if London.

Sheweth That by Virtue of an Orde on Pass Warrant under the hands & Seales of Two of His Majty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middx. (one whereof being of the Quorum) bearing Date on or about the latter End of February last past, Anne Green Single= Woman was removed from the Parish of St. James Clerkenwell in the Said County of Middx unto the sd. Parish of St. Mildred in the Poultry London, who (together with the [---] Originall Pass or a Copy thereof) was delivered to your Peticoners or one of them; alledging the said Parish of St. Mildred in the Poultry to be the Place of her last legall Settlement;

That Since the said Removall of the said Anne Green as aforesaid, Your Peticoners, or one of them, have been prevailed with to redeliver the sd. Pass Warrant to one James Gill Beadle of the sd. Parish of St. James Clerkenwell, on his alledging Such Removall to be illegall & paying the Charges of Maintaining the sd. Anne Green, And that the said James Gill doth absolutely refuse to return the said Pass to Yor. Peticonrs. tho' applyed to for that purpose. That

That yor. Petrs. conceiving themselves agreived by the said Warrant or Order of the Said Two Justices Do therefore Appeale to Yor. Worps therefrom And humbly pray that you will be pleased to hear them in the Prmisses And Order that the Church= =wardens & Overseers of the Poor of the said of Middx aforesaid may appear before you at a certain Day to be appointed, & may be compelled then & there to produce the Said Originall Order whereby the said Anne Green was removed as aforesaid, And further to hear & abide the Judgment and Determination of your Worships touching this Appeale.

And Yor. Petrs. Shall pray Etc Baynbridge Agent. for the Appellts.

