To the Worshipfull his Majesty's Justices of the Peace now assembled at the Generall [...] Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Middlesex at Hicks's Hall in Saint John's Street in the County of Middlesex aforesd.

The Humble Petition and Appeal of the Churchwarden and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint George Southwark in the County of Surry

Sheweth. That William Withers Esqr. and Francis Hole Esqrs: two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace (whereof one is of the Quorum) for the County of Middlesex aforesaid upon Complaint to them made by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Luke in the County of Middlesex aforesaid that George Taylor and Mary his Wife and their two Children Namely John Aged about Eight Years and Mary Aged about three Years were lately Intruded and come into the said Parish of Saint Luke there to Inhabit as Parishioners Contrary to the Laws relating to the Settlement of the Poor and were there like to become Chargeable if not timely prevented did by an Order or Warrant or Removall under their hands and Seals bearing date the first day of February last past order the said George Taylor his Wife and two Children to be removed and Conveyed from the said Parish of Saint Luke to the said Parish of Saint George Southwark as the place of their Last Legal Settlement

That the said George Taylor and his said Wife and two Children have been Accordingly removed and Conveyed from the said parish of Saint Luke to the said Parish of Saint George Southwark where they now remain Chargeable to the same Parish

Your Petitioners apprehending themselves aggreived by the said order or Warrant of Removall made by the said two Justices as aforesaid do therefore humbly Appeal against the Same

Thos Lumby Edmd. Tuckey} Churchwardens

John Holme Thos. Sowden} Overseers of the Poor

Middlesex P At the Generall Quarter Sessions of the Peace of our Sovereign Lord the King holden for the County of Middlesex at Hicks's Hall in St. Johns Street in the sd. County of Middlesex City adjornment on Tuesday the

Nineteenth day of April in the twenty first [---] year of the Reign of [---] George the Second King of Great Britain Etc

It is ordered by this Court that the Churchwardens & Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. Luke in the County of Middlesex have Notice of this appeal and that they and all persons Concerned do attend this Court on Friday next at ten of the Clock in the forenoon to hear and abide the Judgement and determination of this Court touching the sd. appeal

By the Court Waller

