To the Right Worshippfull his Majestyes Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex of their Generall Quarter Sessions assembled.

The Humble Petition and Appeal of Sir Jeremy Sambrook Barronet James Gould of Edmonton Esqr and Trice Hammond of Edmonton aforesaid Gentleman against Poors rate of the Parish of Edmonton in the said County for this present year 1733

Sheweth

That your Petitioner Sir [...] Jeremy Sambrook is Sessed or taxed for the Since of £140. by the said rate Ses [...] Tax, met your Petitioner James [...] Sessed and taxed for the Sume of £220. to the said rate that yor. Petitioner Trice Hammond is Sessed and taxed for the Sume of £90. to the said Tax Rate or Sess, And your Petitioners further Shew into your Worships that your Petitioners are very much grieved by the said Sess or Tax and that the Same is very irregular And unequall And that the severall James so Sessed rated or taxed on your Petitioners are [...] more than your Petitioners ought to pay after that your Petitioners [...] by the said assessment or Tax are Charged for larger Sumes than the yearly Value of the Lands and Houses respectively onnpyed by your Petitioners do amount to And that- Severall Persons Inhabitants of the said Parish and who on Onnpye Houses and Lands in the said Parish or are otherwise Chargeable to the said R [...] or Sess are not charged Assessed or taxed to the said Rate and that severall other persons Inhabitants of the said Parish are only Assessed or taxed for past of Such Houses Lands or Estates which they Occupy in the said Parish and for which they ought to be charged to the said Rate Assessment or Tax.

Yor. Petitioners therefore humbly pray that your Worships would be pleased to Order that the Church- Wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish with their respective Books or Rates for the poor fro this present Year 1733 and all other person concerned may Attend this Court some day this present Sessions in Order to hear and Abide the Judgment and Determination of this Court concerning the said Appeal.

And Yor. Petitioners shall ever pray Etc Edwd. Addy for Sr Jeremy Sambrooke James Gould Trice Hammond

