To the Right Worsppl. her Maties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middx.

The humble Peticon of Thomas Wetherell of the Liberty above the Barrs in the parish of St. Andrew Holborne in the said County.

Sheweth

That about five year past yor. Petr. Served the office of Overseer of the poor of the said liberty and disbursed towards releife of the poor thereof the sume of £55.6s.3d more the [...] recd As may appeare by his accompt [...] the Inhabitant [...] of the said liberty and allowed of by two of her Maty Justices of the peace for the said County Yet never the less the Churchwarden & Overseers of the poor of the said liberty did refuse to reimburss yor. Petr. the said moneys Soe that upon his former peticon this Honble Court was pleased to order that the Overseers of the poor of the said liberty should pay yor. Petr. the said moneys or otherwise good cause to the contrary who then alledged that they had not money in their hands but would reimburss yor. Petr. the said- moneys as soon as they should have sufficient in their hands for- doeing thereof Whereupon this Court did further Order that the Overseers of the poor of the said liberty should out of the moneys be by them collected & recd of the Inhabitants of the said liberty upon the rate made for releife of the poor of the [...] your Peticoner the said moneys.

That the Churchwarden & Overseers of the poor of the said liberty [...] refuse to pay yor. Petr. the said moneys Aledging that they have not money in their hands for that purpose Neither can they depend on or expect any money arriseing from the said Rate for yor. Petr. For that the- Same wil be Scarce sufficient to pay the poor of the said liberty for- the year ensueing, And yor. Petr. having disbursed at least five pounds at Severall meetings with the Inhabitants of the said liberty in settleing the said Accompt & attending this Honble Court And yet Petr. having been obleidged to borrow the sume of £50 at Interest for want of his being reimbursed the said Sume of £55.6s.3d

P Westley Yor. Petr. therefore hopes that he may be allowed lawfull Interest for his said moneys & humbly prays this Honble Court to be pleased to order that the Churchwarden and Overseers of the poor & other Inhabitants of the Said liberty may forthwith make a Rate upon the Inhabitants of the liberty whereby to reimburss yor. Petr. the said sume of £55.6s.3d together with Interest for the Same and his [...] charges as aforesaid if yor. Worspps Soe thinke fit.

And yor. Petr. shall ever Pray Etc.

Tho: Wetherall

