To George Errington Esqr. one of his Majesties. Justices assigned to keep the Peace in & for the County of Middlesex and the rest of the Justices at their Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County assembled

The Humble Petition of Edward Brown son of Edward Brown late of St. George Bloom bury in the said County of Middlesex Butcher deceased

Sheweth That yor. Petr. was by Indenture duely executed and bearing Date on the seventeenth Day of November which was in the Year of our Lord 1748 po [...] & bound Apprentice to Henry Denne then of the Parish of Saint James Westminster Painter Stainer for the Term of Seven Years from the Day of the Date of the said Indenture And his said Master in Consideration of twenty five Pounds of lawfull Money paid to him by your Petr. Said late Father was by the said Indenture to bench & instruct yor. Pets. in the Art of Coach Painter and to find & provide for him sufficient Meat Drink & Lodging during the said Term That Yor. Petrs. accordingly seved the sd. Henry Denne untill abt. the Month of March 1753 & sons ready and [...] willing to serve him try the Remember of the said [...] That the said Henry Denne in a or about the sd, Month of March 1752 went from his House in Warwick Street in the Parish of St. James Westminster aforesaid at which time the informed yor. Petr. that he shod. return in a Day or two and gave Yor. Petr. half a Crown to pay for Victuals & Drink during his the said Henry Dennes Absence

That yor. Petrs said maker instend of returning in a Day or two was absent from his said House & Business for a Month or upwards & during that time yor. Petr. had no Instructions or Employment in the said premises of Coach painting

That in or about the Month of June following the said Henry Danne beign called upon by a Woman he the said Henry Denne & she went together from him said House and he then left word with [...] Yor. Petr. that he shod. return again in an Hour but did not return again nor did he give yor. Petrs. any Instructions in his said Business for two Months and he the said Henry Denne afterwards frequently absented himselt from his said House Business for two or three Days together without giving Yor. Petr. any Instruction or employing him in his said Business

That in or about the Month of September last the said Henry Denne had absented himself & neglected his sd. Business in such Manner that this Customer delined employing him and therefore he was obliged to leave his House & go to work for one Mr. Brown a Coachmaker in Pickadilly where he neglected his Business & disappointed she saw Mr. Brown in such Manner that about the latter And of January last he was discharged from the said Mr. Brown service and yor. Petrs.. was in or about the beginnign of February following sent home by the said Mr. Brown to Yor. Petr. Mother Sarain Brown (Widow & exting of yor. Petrs. said late Father)

who maintained yor. Pets, at her own Extence, for want of yor. Petrs said Master making any Provision for yor. Petr. all about six Weeks ago when yor. Petrs. was employed by James Rigby of Long Acre Coach Painter who is willing to take yor. Pets. as his Apprentice for the Remainder of the said Term of Seven Years for the sum of ten Pounds which yor. Petr. apprehends in as small a sum as any one will take him for, for the Rem. of the said Term

Yor. Pets. therefore most hbly prays that ye will be pleased to order that yor. Petrs [...] discharged from his said Apprenticeship with the said Henry Denne and that the said Henry Denne may refund to Yor. Pets. or his said Mother such Part of the said Consideration Money and to give your Petr. such other Relief as to yr. Worhips shall seem reasonable & proper And Yor. Petr. shall ever pray Etc

Edward Brown

