To the Right Worshipful His Majesties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex

The humble Petition of Joshua Walker Keeper of New Prison at Clerkenwell

Sheweth

That in the Appointmt. of Your Petrs: to be Keeper of the said prison there is a Reservation of Twenty pounds P Ann to be paid by Your Petr: out of his Profitts for repairing the said prison. But the same hath not been Demanded of Your Petr: till since last Sessions since which time Your Petr. hath been called upon to Pay the Arrears thereof to Thomas Thayer Esqr: Treasurer of the maimed Soldiers Etc.

That since Your Petrs. said Appointmt: he hath been Ordered by the Court of Goal Delivery to carry all his Prisoners for Felony or- suspition of Felony to Newgate Six Days before every Sessions with the Copies o their Comitmts: by reason whereof Your Petr: is from time to time deprived of his Fees which divers of such prisoners are Ability to pay

That Your Petr: is at great charge aswell in keeping those- Prisoners which are directed by the Order aforesaid to be removed to Newgate as also in conveying them thither & transmitting Copies of their Comittmts: with them for which he has no manner of Recompence or allowance whatsoever.

That many of the Prisoners comitted to Your Petrs: Custody are very Indigent & miserable Persons who Your Petr. is under a necessity of Supporting besides forgiving them his Fees. the like whereof is the Case of several Persons who are comitted & ordered to be kept as Evidences against prisoners in Newgate

Your Petr. therefore humbly prays your Worships to take the p [...] unto your Con [...] regard of the considerable Decrease of Your Petrs. Profitts and Income as Keeper of the said Prison since he was thereunto appointed as aforesaid That Your Worships will be pleased to make him such Abatement out of the said Sume of Twenty Pounds or Order him such other Releif as in Your great Wisdome & Goodness you shall think meet

And Your Petr: shall ever Pray Etc Joshua Walker

