Middx To the Worshipful his Maties Justices of the Peace of the County of Middx at Hicks Hall in General Sessions Assembled.

The Humble Petition of John Chandler an Apprentice to Robert Johnson of the Parish of Saint Ann Westmr. Carver and Guilder

Sheweth That your Petr. in February 1740 was put to the sd. Robert Johnson upon likeing in order to be his Apprentice for Seven Yrs.

That accordingly in some time afterwards in the same Year your Petr. was bound unto the said Robert Johnson to Serve him from the 4th. of February 1740 then last past for the Term of 7 Years upon the Usual Covenants And the said Robert Johnson did thereby in Consideration of the Sum of 12..12.0 Covenant and Under take to Teach and Instruct yr Petr. his Trade of a Carver & Guilder and was by the said Indenture bound to find and provide for Yr Petr. during the sd Term all necessarys except wearing Apparel

That during the first five Years Your Petr. hath not had Bedding and bed linnen Suitable for an Apprentice but hath frequently lay'n three or four Months togather in Sheets before any Change of [...] Clean or fresh Linnen and that the Bedding constantly While yr. Petr. lay'd in his sd Masters House Swarm'd with Fifth & nastiness in so much that Your Petr. cou'd brush of Quantities Saws Numbre from his Shirt Etc and so continued till yr Petr. was Obliged on that Occasion to Lodge from his said Master's House

That Yr Petrs. Master hath not Taught or Instructed Yr. Petr. in the Art of a Guilder as by his Covent. he ought but instead there of Secreets the said Art from yr. Petr. and tho Yr Petr. hath frequently requested his said Master to be instructed there in yet he hath refused and wod not Imploy him therein or give him any Instructions

That yr Petr. hath Served his said Master his said Term of Seven Years pursuant to the Agreemt. between them yet the sd Robert Johnson threatens to Prosecute Yr. Petr. pretending that Yr. Petr. hath a Year more to Serve

That Yr Petr. was twice bound to his sd. Master by reason the first Indentures were lost or Mislaid and therefore other Indentures were prepar'd and Executed Subject to the same Covenants and Agreemts. and to bear equal date with the first Indres But Yr. Petr. is informed that his sd Masr. hath caused the sd Indres to be of such date as to Shew that Yr Petr. is Oliged to Serve a Year longer than by the sd first Agreemt. Yr. Petr. ought to Serve

That Your Petr. having no Indres to Produce Wherefore Your Petr. most humbly Prays that the sd. Robert Johnson may Produce the Indres Subsisting between them And that Your Worship wod be pleasd to make such Order in the Premes As to Your Worships shall seem meet

And Yr Petr. as in Duty Bound shall ever Pray Etc

John Chandler

