To the Rt: Worshipfull His Maties: Justices of the- Peace for the County of Middlx in their Genl. Quarter Sessions of the Peace Assembled. And Adjourn'd to this two and Twentieth day of Feby. Instant

Pursuant to the severall Orders of Reference made at this [...] prest. Generall Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at Hickes Hall for the County of Middlx on the Severall Petitions and Appeals of the Persons whose names are hereafter mentioned being inhabitants of the Parish of [...] the said County We whose names are hereunto Subscribed his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the said County in the said Orders named having this day taken upon us the hearing and Examination into the truth of the Petrs: Complaints the Church Wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Hornsey being present and upon hearing of all parties and duely considering the Allegations gives and made on all Sides We report Our opinions to this Court [---] which is as follows Vizt

That Joseph Storey of the said Parish ought not to stand charged or Pay to the Poors rate therein for his house after the rate of twenty Pounds P Ann But ought only to pay and stand charged after the rate of fourteen pounds P Ann and no more.

That Ralph Lambert of the said Parish ought not to stand charged or Pay to the said Rate for the farm which he rents therein after the rate of One hundred Pounds P Ann but ought only to stand charged and pay at the rate of Ninety two Pounds P Ann and no more it appearing to us on his Oath he Pays no more for the same. And also that the said Ralph Lambert ought not to stand charged and Pay to the said rate for the house he lives in in the said Parish after the rate of twenty Pounds P Ann But ought only to pay and be charged for the same at fourteen Pounds- P Ann and to more.

That Thomas Spratley of the said Parish ought not to stand [...] or pay to the said rate for the Lands and House which he rents in the same Parish after the rate of One hundred and one pounds P Ann but ought only to stand charged and pay to the said rate for Ninety Six pounds and no more

All which we Certifye and Submit

Dated the 13th. Febry 1724.

John Fuller Wm Colesworth

