To Sir John Hawkins Knight

The Hble Petition of Owen Neill and Dennis Crawley now in New Prison Clerkenwell and Sentenced to work for three Years on the river Thomas

Sheweth That Your Petiitoners fully impressed with a Just conception of your knowing Judgment, and truely Sensible now Powerfully the Evidence advanced on their tryal must operate agt. them, can not breathe a murmur of his content at the fatal issue it produced, but your Honours Petitioner [...] fioling in the unlimited benevolence of your heart, as well as tender See lings for the unfortunate, and afflicted, humbly, presence in consideration of Their hepless, and wretched familys, to supplicate your gracious interference for the mitigation of the hard sentence their conviction unavoidably bespoke, your Petr. Neill having five small help less Children and a deserving wife almost distracted at the time tying and heart breaking prospect of the ruin that must [...] verdably await them as also the aged inform Parents of your Petrs Crawley tottering on the verge of dissolution, and bending under oppressive woe, at the sheadful apprehension of a final Sepe [...] ration from an unhappy son, on whom labour and industry their Support entirely depended: your Petitioners apprized of the general resentment that has been long provoked by the Nefarious proe tises too frequently exercised in the another trade, have to cameout with sorrow, Their hard destiny, in becoming the first devoted [...] to public Prejudice, And to public Justice; yet Your Petrs however appearances argued agt. them) do most solemnly and Sincerely declare in the presence of Almighty god that they Neither meas [...] nor designd a fraud nor imposition in the sale of the goods made to Mary Dale, which assertor they humbly hope will stand in a great measure wined by their upusat of an accommodation off ferd and held out by the Prosecution the day previous to their tryal Your Petrs. as men whose characters have ever before stood unimpeached and whose future shred shall be to render themselves useful to society and to atone for this transgussion, humbly appeal to your commiseration in behalf of this hapless familys who must either inevitably perish or become burdensome to the Animosity Shoud the [...] of their Sentence be executed agt them Deign Wortley Sir from that inexhaustible Store of goodness and Clemency Which has so universally distinguished yours character to look on Your grieved Petrs. with eyes of Mercy and compassion oalen the Sorrows of their Miserable familys and deal to there better Sorrows such comfort and alteration as to your Wisdorn and Judgement Shall seem meet for which as in Duty Bound your Petrs. Will ever Pray

July ye. 2d 1778

Owen Neill Dennis Crawley

