To the worshipful his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their general Session of the Peace Assembled.

The humble Petition and Appeal of the chruchwardens Overseers of the poor of the Parish of Saint Botolph witht Aldgate in the County of Middlesex.

Sheweth. That by Virtue of warrant or order under the hands & seals of John Sherwood & Jasper Clarke Esquires two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex one whereof being of the Quorum bearing date the Twenty Sixth day of November last Patrick Maddin with Johanna his wife and their two Children viz: sarah maddin aged five years & Patrick Maddin aged eight months or thereabouts were removed from the Parish of St Paut Shadwell in the County of Middlesex to the sd Parish of St [---] Bon [...] without Aldgate as the Place of their last legal Settlement.

That your Petrs. Conceiving themselves aggrieved by the sd warrant or order do humbly Appeal against the same And pray that your worships will be pleased to appoint a Day this present Sessions that all Parties Concerned may attend to hear & abide the Judgment & Determination of this court touching the said Appeal And yr Petitionrs shall ever pray Etc

.J. [...] are & Bampfield Sollr for the Appellt.

Middlesex. at the General Session of the Peace of our Sovereign Lord King holden for the County of Middlesex at Hicks Hall in St John Street in the County aforesd by adjournmt on Monday the Sixth day of December in the Twentieth year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third king of Great Britain France & Ireland Defender of the Faith Etc

It is ordered by this Court That the Churchwardens & Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell in the County of Middlesex have Notice of this Appeal and that they & all Persons Concerned do attend this Court on Thursday next at nine of the clock in the forenoon to hear & abide the Indgment & determination of this Court touching the said Appeal.

By the Court Selby

