To the Rt Worshipll. his Maties. Justices of the Peace for the County of Middx Assembled in Quarter Sessions

The Humble Petition and Appeale of John Stevens of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborne in the said County

Sheweth

That by Order dated the 7th. day of November last under the hands and Seales of John Milner and William Prestley Esqr. two of his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the said County (Quorum Unus) Your Peticoner is Adjudged to be the reputed Father of a Male Bastard Childe, borne in the Parish of St. Gyles in the Feilds in the said County on the body of Mary Airy Singlewoman on the third day of the said month of November, not then Baptized, and is become chargeable there

That thereby Your Peticoner is Ordered to pay to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poore of the said parish of St. Gyles in the Feilds the sume of Forty Shillings for releife of the said Male Bastard Child for the first Four weeks after the birth thereof and also five Shillings to the Midwife And to pay weekly two Shillings and sixpence from the expizacon of the sd. first Four weeks for the releife and maintenance of the said Male Bastard Childe for soe long time as he shall continue chargeable to the said Parish And that he Shall of and from the charge of the said Bastard Childe at all times thereafter save harmless and indemprifie the said Parish of St. Gyles in the Feilds

Your Peticoner finding himselfe aggreived by the said Order of the two Justices humbly appeals against the same to this Worshipll. Court

Your Peticoner therefore humbly prays Your Worships would please to appoint a day this present Sessions for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poore of the said Parish of St. Gyles in the Feilds and all other Persons concerned to attend Your Worships and to hear and abide the Judgment and determinacon of this Court upon and touching the said Appeale and that Your Peticoner may be releived therein as to your Worships shall seem meet

And Your Peticoner as in duty bound shall Pray Etc

