Middlesex To the Worshipfull William Mainwaring Esquire Chairman and the rest of the Magistrates in their General Session Assembled.

The Humble Petition and appeal of Charles John Cope apprentice to Mr. Thomas Oliver late of Hitchin in the County of Herts but now of Brook Street Hanover Square in the County of Middlesx. Clock and Watchmaker

Sheweth

That your Petitioner was bound apprentice by an Indenture bearing date the fourteenth day of January 1780. To Thomas Oliver of Hitchin in the County of Herts for the Term of Seven Years to learn the Art of a Clock and Watch maker and your Petitioners Master Mr. Thos. Oliver received with your Petitioner and Apprentice fee or Premirim of Twenty two Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six Pence.

That about Midsummer 1783 your Petitioners Master Removed from Hitchin in Herts aforesaid and took a Shop in New Bond Street and from thence removed into little Brook Street Hanover Square in theParish of Saint George Hanover Square in the County of Middlesex where he now Carries on the Business of a Silver Smith but Seldom or ever carries on the Clock and watch making business in his own house or Shop.

That your Petitioner hath been with his said Master from the date of the Indenture to the Present time, and having only thirteen Months now to Serve under the said Indenture and from his Present incapacity in the Business he was bound to his said Master to learn he shall not be able to gain a livelihood at the Expiration of his said Indenture by which he was bound as aforesaid to the said Thomas Oliver

That your Petitioner has been Constantly employ'd and Ordered to Clean the Plate he Manufactors for his

Customers and is Perpetually sending him of house hold Erands and hath several times cruelly Beat your Petitioner with his fists and other Weapons and hath Often told your Petitioner he would give him up his Indenture by which your Petitioner thinks himself greatly aggrieved

Your Petitioner therefore humbly pray your Worships will be Pleased to relieve him Your Petitioner in the Premises and Order Mr. Oliver to refund part of the said apprentice for on Premium so that Your Petitioner may have it in his Power to Procure another Master to instruct him in his Business.

And your Petitioner will for eve pray Etc.

Charles John Cope

