To the Worshipful his Majesties Justices of the peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Session of the peace assembled

The humble Petition of the Several persons whose names are hereunder Subscribed Creditors of Samuel Radenfurot here under Name.

[...] th. That the said Samuel Kadenhurt being a Prisoner in his Majesties Prison or Goal of Nawgate in the Custody of the Sheriff of Middlesex was discharged by an order of this Hanourable Court at the General Session of the peace holden in and for the County of middlesex at Hicks hall in Saint John Sheet (by adjournment) on Monday the Tenth day of December in the twenty Second year of the reign of the present Majesty

And it was ordered by the Court that the said Samuel Radenhurt was adjudged to be Intitled to the benefit of an Act of parliament made in the Twenty first year of his present Majesties reign Intitled" an act for the discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors"

That by an Advertisement in the Daily Advertiser of the fifteenth day of September 1785. The Creditors of the said Samuel Radenhurst was desired to Meet on the Marrow at Name Coffee have fleet Sheet at Eleven of Clock in the for [...] to Chuse an Assignee or Assigneer of the said Samuel Radenhurst Estate and Effects.

That having Met pursuant to Such advertisement

did nominate and Chuse Richard Soar of Feather stone Street in the Parish of Saint Luke old Street in the County of Middlesex Painter to be Assignee of the said Samuel Radenhurst Estate and Effects.

Your Petitioners humbly pray that [...] assignment of the said Samuel Radenhurst Estate and Effects may be made to the said Richard Soar according to the direction of the said Act and that the Clork of the Peace may make the said Assignment forthwith

And your Petitioner shall ever pray etc

Geo Crossley

M. Heweton Thos Radenhurst Richd Soar

George Crossley the a delphi Brulday i Gentlemen [...] make the oath that he did attend the ma Mentioned in the above Petition [...] Eleve and the One o Clock of the Sixteenth day of September last [---] and saith that all the Person whose Na [...] are above Subscribed did Nominate and Chase the above Named Richard Soar to be Assignee as in the above petition Mentioned and did request an assignment to be make to the said Richard Soar.

Geo Crossley

Sworn in Court the 17th. day of Octr. 1785.

Hall

