To the Worshipful the Chairman and the rest of the Bench of Justices at the Sessions of the Peace held for the County of Middlesex at Hicks's Hall.

The humble Petition of Richard Duggan

Sheweth That your Petitioner was by Indentures bound Apprentice to Thomas Derry of the Parish of St. Clements Deans in the said County of Middlesex House Joyner and Carpenter in the Month of August 1734 for the Term of Seven years from one year before the date of said Indentures, by which Indentures, the said Thomas Perry was bound and obliged to instruct your Petitioner or cause him to be instructed in the Art and Mystery of House Joyner and Carpenter and to find him in Sufficient meat, Drink, washing & Lodging during the Said Term

That the said Indentures were antedated a year before the time they were executed and before your petitioner was bound, which your Petr. is informed will be a very great detriment & prejudice to him

That your Petr. during the time he lived with his said Master served him faithfully & honestly, tho' under very great difficulties & hardships, being barbarously beaten & very often abused & ill treated by his Said Master without any manner of Cause, and also constantly abused by his Masters wife, and Daughter, wch. sd. Daughter Several times declared and Swore she would popson or otherwise Murther your Petr. So that his life being, as he apprehended, in such dangers & being so threatened & abused, he was affraid to venture himself in his Said Master's house.

That thereupon his said Master proposed to let your Petr. lodge, dyer & wash abroad, but would allow him no more than five Shillings a week for the Same, which was not Sufficient to maintain a working Man, but your Petr. to Preserve quietness and to avoid the abuses & ill treatments he frequently received, readily complyed with such proposal, and continued for Same time to receive the said allowance, till last Whitsuntide, at which time his said Master refused to pay him all that Sames but ordered him to go & get work elsewhere to maintain himself with.

That your Petr. has reason to apprehend his said Master is not capable of instructing him in his said Trade, he having no houses to Wainscot nor new Work to do, but Jobbing from place to place & mending old Work, and he never having Shewed your petr. any Carpenter's work at all having none such to do all the time your Petr. lived with him, So that unless he is turned over to Some responsible Master that can instruct him in his said trade, he can never become Master of his trade or a good Workman and must inevitably be ruined.

May's therefore please your Worships in tender regard to the premisses & your Petrs. distressed Condition & the hardships he must unavoidably Suffer if continued with his said Master, either to Order him to be turned over for the remainder of his time to some other responsible Master that will fully instruct him in his said Trade, and allow him Sufficient necessaries as by his Said Indentures he ought to have, or otherwise to discharge him from his said Indentures & Apprenticeship

And Your Petitioner shall over pray Etc

Richard Duggan

