To the Worshipfull the Chairman and the rest of his Maties Justices of the peace in their Open Sessions at Hicks's Hall Assembled.

The Humble Petition of James Gambling an Apprentice

Sheweth. That your Petr. was on the 14th. day of May 1752 Bound by a Foreign Indenture by the Governours of Christ Hospital to Chas. Ullman of little Wild Street Drury Lane Cabinet maker for Seven Years who received Ten pounds as a Consideration wth. your Petr.

That your Petr. in Decr. 1752 did Petition your Worships to be Discharged and accordingly an Order was Granted upon sd. Petr. for a hearing for diverse Assaults Committed by his Master upon your Petr.

That your Petr. did Attend on Friday 8th. Decr. in the sd. Year 1752 and after along hearing Your Worships was pleased to remand him back to his sd. Master to Serve the Remainder of his time with him, But with this Precaution not for the future Your Petrs. sd. Master Shou'd Use your Petr. anyways Unbecoming a Master, which he promised so to do.

That your Petr. Notwithstanding the Direction of your Worships, The sd. Master did very Soon after and at diverse times Since particularly on the 15th. day of March last did again wth. great force and Violence Strike your Petr. wth. a large Moohogany Stick over the Head and Several parts of his Body without the last provocation given.

That on the 19th. of March last did again Strike your Petr. with him Double First Several Blows over his Head that he was left Stupid and Senseless.

That again on the 28th. March last Your Petr. was Struck by his said Master with aboard of about two foot long and Seven or Eight Inches Broad in a Barbarous manner and continues to Use your Petr. in the same manner.

That your Petr. was Bound to his said Master with an Intent to Learn the Art and Mistery of a Cabinet Maker, but so farr from there

being any Probability of it That his sd. Master Charles Ullman has little or no Business to do, but what is only in a little Jobbing way.

Wherefore your Petr. in Consideration of his being so Cruelly Beat and ill treated by his said Master and there being no Probability of ever Learning his Trade, He humbly Implores Your Worships will be pleased to Order that your Petr. Shall be discharged from his said Apprenticeship, and be turned over to some Other Master to Serve the Remainder of his time, and part of the Consideration Money be restored,

And your Petr. will ever Pray, James Gambling.

At the General Sessions of the peace of our Sovereign Lord the King of his County of Middlesex holden at Hicks's Hall in St. Johns Street in and for the same County on Wednesday the Ninth day of April in the 28th. Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second now King of Great B [...] n and so forth And in the Year of our Lord 1755.

It is Ordered by this Court that the with is Named Charles Ullman have Notice of this Petition And that all Persons Concerned do Attend this Court on Thursday next at Ten of the Clock in the forenoon to hear and Abide the Judgment and Determination of this Court touching the Matters contained in the said Petition.

By the Court Waller

