To the Worshipful His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Session of the Peace Assembled.

The humble Petition of the Several Persons Whose Names are hereto Subscribed Journeymen Weavers Working with the Said County in that Branch of the Silk Manufacture and Silk mixed with other Materials Called Engine Weaving on behalf of themselves and other Journeymen in the said Branch Working within the Jurisdiction of the Said County.

Sheweth, That in and by an Act of Parliament made and Passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his Present Majesty Intitled An Act to impower the Magistrates therein mentioned to Settle and Regulate the Wages of Persons Employed in the Silk Manufacture within their respective Jurisdiction It is Enacted (among ther things) that the Wages and Prices for Work of the Journeymen Weavers within the County of Middlesex Shall be Settled regulate and delivered by the Justices of the Peace for the Said County at General Quarter Session of the Peace and the Said Justices of the Peace are thereby authorized and impowered from time to time upon application being made to them for that purpose to settle regulate order and declare the Wages and Prices of Work of the Journeymen Weavers working within their Jurisdiction as aforesaid And by a certain other Act of Parliament made in the Thirty Second Year of his Present Majesty's Reign the Provisions of the Said Act and the Powers of the Magistrate extended to the Manufacture of Silk mixed or wrought up with any other Materials.

That Some time after the Passing of the said first mentioned Act of Parliament upon Application made at the Quarter Sessions for the said County the Justices of the Peace did Settle and regulate the Prices and Wages of the Jourmeymen in the said Branch Since Which time a great number of other new works having arisen in the Trade which were not included in the Book of Prices then established great Discontent has

Prevailed in the Trade from the Practice of some Masters Paying less and others more Wages than Other Masters for new Works and not being under any Obligation to pay regular uniform Prices and Wages. To Remedy which Inconvenience as Well as to alter and regulate some other of the works included in the former Book of Prices which from the lapse of Time and Change of Circumstances were found inconvenient and improper by both masters and Journeymen, they the Masters and Journeyman have had several Meetings together and have concluded upon a general List of Prices for both the old and new Works annexed to this Petition signed by many of the Masters and Journeymen the said Branch, and Which after mature Cansideration is submitted for the Sanction of the Count.

Your Petitioners therefore humbly pray that this Court will Settle regulate and order the wages and prices of work of the Journeyman Weavers working within the said County in the said Branch Called Engine Weaving According to the said List or Schedule hereto annexed.

And your Petitioners will ever pray Etc.

Robt. Moy Peter Walker Jas Waters Jas Walker Henry Sadler W Mary E Pank Rd Moore Wm Friswell Jno Troughton James Pyott Alexr Cator Wm. Mathews Jas Lewis Jas Devine

Wm Charlton Saml Claridge Thos Wood Saml. Batten Jno. Bird Jno. Hicks Edwd Tapp Saml Wick J. Mortiboys

