middle To the Rit. Honble Thos. Rawlinson Esqr, Lord major of the City of London the Rit. Honbles Lord Chief Baron Parker the Honble Mr. Justice Burch and the Rest of his Majestices Justices of Goel Delivery for newgate

The Humble petion of John Grice now a prisoner in Newgate for misdemer

Humbly Sheweth

Your Lordships That yor. peticoner through great misfortunes has been a prisons in Custody of the warden of the Fleet for twelve months West That yor. petioner was brot up at Birmingham in the county of warwick in the trade of a Gun Barrell Forger which Business he has carried on by ye assistance of his friends Since he has been a prisoner in the Rules of the Fleet your petioner and the prosecutor Thos. Bryan being the only masters who carry on the same Business in town that the said Thos. Bryan in order to distress and Ruine yor. petioner and to monopolize the said Trade to himself giving that your petioner has a wife Ready to lye in and four small Children the said Thos. Bryan has Caused yor peticoner to be Indicted for Misdemer at [...] y Hall in the County of middle on a prosecur of yor. petioner having Enticed alway frone his service on adam Bryan his apprentes

That yor petrs. is Ready and willing to lake his tryall and that yor petinr. has made the worshipfull Bench of Justices of Hicks Hall for an ordr to the Keeper of newgate to bring yor' petnrs to Hicks Hall in order for him to plead to the said indictmt. & to lake his tryall thereon and yor petr is Informd that the Justices at Hicks Hall said yor. petnr might being a Hapias Corpus or might apply to this Honble Court

That yor. petr is in Such poor Circumatances as not able to pay the Expence of a Habrad Corpus and most lay in prison and his Family totally Ricev'd unless this Honble Court will be pleased to order the Record of the said indictmt to be brought down to this Honble Court and that yor may plead and lake his tryal this sessions in this Honble. Court

your peticoners there for [---] prays your Lordships Grant your petr. such Releif in the premisses as in your widdows shall seem meet and your peticoner as in duly bound will ever may Etc

John Grice

