To the Worshipll. the Chairman & the rest of His Majties Justices of the Peace Assembled in Session at Hicks Hall

That humble peticon and Case of Mary Wade

Sheweth That yor Petrs. lately came from Ireland and Imported ever with her a parcell of Irish Cloth into Great Britain where with she acquainted Severall Linnen Drapers and Particularly one Vezeene a Linnen Draper in the Stand, Who come to yor Petr. Lodgings & desired her to bring when she pleased to his shop two or three peeces of the said Cloth wch. accordingly she die And then he said he could not know it by them So sometime of her he came to her Lodging again but she was not at home & desired to See the Cloth wch. he did and choose two peaces And desired. I would being them to by Shop And the next days she carryed them thither And he told yor. Petr. he could not buy it untill his wife came home and put her behind his Compter and kept her there and eatt the Shings from about her Cloth And bid her ss little she could not Sell it to him Thereupon she look her Cloth & carryed it to a Friends these House to Lay up for her One William Geestree a Surveyor as She is informed and another followed her from the sd. Shop to the the place where She lay it up and asked her if she had any finer for he wanted a Peece to make him Shirts & what she would have on Elz. Then he took her before Mr. Justices Hiskin together with her Cloth worth Six pounds wth. She was forced. to have because she refused to take a Lycence this was one Saturday last was Eleven Weeks or there abouts.

Yor. Petr. beleiving she was betrayed by the said Linnen Draper applyed to Councillor Hett place Nott Esqr. who humble Conceives that yor Petr. being the Importer from Ireland And bringing the said Cloth by Express Order from her Lodgings to the sd. Drapers Shop in Order for Sale there and no where else as it was lawfull for her to do And was not Hawking or Pedling with in the Prohibition or meaning of the Statute in that Case made So as to be Subject to any Forfeiture as he Case is Circumstanced. For that the Act of the Draper was ensuaring and fraudulent and tended to betray her into a Forfeiture All which yor. Petr. humble submitts and refferrs to ye. Judgmt. of this Honable Court for Such her Releife As to yor. Worshipps Shall Seem most meet

And yr. Petrs. shall humbly Pray Etc.

