To the Right Worshipfull his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middx at their General Sessions at Hicks Hall Assembled.

The Humble Petn. and Appeal of John Coombe.

Sheweth That your Petr. on the Oath of one Elizabeth Murgatroyd Single Woman in writing made on the 17th. day of December 1753 before Richard Chamberlayne Esqr. and Jacob Hawey Esqrs. Two of his Maties Justices of the Peace ( one whereof being of the Quorum) by virtue of a Warrant by them Granted against your Petr. Under their Hands & Seals Dated the day and year abovesaid was taken thereupon To Answer to all such Matters and things as on his Majesty's behalf Shod. be Objected agst. him upon the Complaint of the Church Wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. Luke in the said County for Unlawfully begetting the said Elizabeth Murgatroyd of the said Parish of St. Luke with Child of a Male Bastard Child Ab [...] Born Chargeable to the said Parish.

That your Petr. was taken upon the said Warrant on the 29th. day of January last, and Committed to New Prison by Mr. Justices Feilding for refusing to Give Security to Indempnifye the said Parish of St. Luke or to Enter into a Recognizance with Sufficient Sureties to Appearathe next General Sessions to Answer the aforesaid Complaint.

That your Petr. being so Committed continued there about Eight Days and then Entred into a Recognizance with Sufficient Sureties to Appear and Answer the Complaint as aforesaid, altho' no Order was then made in pursuance of an Act made in the 18th. Year of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth concerning Bastards begotten and Born out of Lawful Matrimony Etc. within Six Weeks after the sd. Elizabeth was Delivered of the said Male Bastard Child.

That your Petr. in Febry Sessions last did Appeal and Petr. to this Court Setting forth this case and after many Learned Arguments the Opinion of the Court was that the Appeal Shod. be Allowed and Accordingly your Petr. was Discharged of his Recognizance.

That afterwards your Petr. was Summoned by Mr. Justice Withers and Mr. Casbon upon the Complaint of the Church Wardens Attend them and Overseers at a Meeting held at the swan Tavern in the sd pish of St. Luke upon the Fifth day of March last for your Petr. to Shew Cause why has Shou'd not be Adjudged the Putative Father of the said Male Bastard Child your Petr.

did Attend Accordingly and was Examined by them touching the said Matters And upon the Examination of the said Elizth. Murgatroyd your Petr. was Adjudged to be tha Putative Father of the sd. Male Bastard Child Born of the Body of these Elizth. Murgatroyd and Accordingly did then Enter into a Recognizance before them to Appeal at the Sessions did by Adjourmt. in April last against their Order.

Your Petr. thinks he is thereby greatly Grieved therein by the said Complaint and Order made.

Your Petr. Therefore Humbly Appeals Against the said Complaint and Order and prays an Order of this Court for the Church Wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the sd. Parish of St. Luke in the County of Middx and all parties concerned to Attend this Court at a certain Time And further to Abide the Judgment and Determination of this Court Touching the Premisses in Question As to your Worships Shall seem Meet Etc.

And your Petr. Shall ever Pray.

John Coombe

Middlesex. At the General Quarter Session of the Peace of our Sovereign Lord the King Holden at Hicks Hall in St. John Street in & for the County of Middx by Adjornment on Tuesday 28th. day of May [...] [---] in the Twenty Seventh Year of the Regin of our Sovereign Lord George the Second King of Great Britain Etc.

It is Ordered by this Court that the Church Wardens & Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. Luke in the County of Middx [---] and all Parties concerned do Attend to Morrow [...] at Ten of the Clock the forenoon to hear & Abide the Judgement and Determination of this Court touching the Matters contain'd in the said Petition.

By the Court Waller

