To the Worshipfull Thos. Lane Esquire and others his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex now in their General Session of the Peace Assembled;

The humble Petition of James. Elmore

Sheweth That your Petitioner lived as Servant or Turnkey with Mr. Henry Walbank deced late Governour of your Worship's House of Correction at Clerkenwell for the Space of Six Years and upwards.

That during your Petitioner's Continuance in such Service he attended the same with the greatest Assiduity, but by such Attendance he contracted such violent Illness as took away the use of his Limbs in so much that he was obliged to quit his said Place which was presently after supplied by the late Mr. William Jones.

That after your Petitioner's Recovery from his said Illness he was Entertained as Turnkey by Mr. William Pentlow Keeper of New Prison with whom he has continued for upwards of Six Years during which Time he humbly hopes, he has Discharged his Duty to the Satisfaction of your Worship's, and he is the more induced to believe so, there not being any Complaint (to his Knowledge) alledged against him

That your Petitioner from the Experience aforesaid is perfectly Conversant with the Management of a Prison and most humbly Submits his Conduct for Lenity and Tenderness and for keeping due Order and Decorum therein, to your Worships Consideration and Candour

That by the Death of the late Mr. Jones the Place of Governour of the House of Correction is now Vacant and your Petitioner flatters himself that for the Reasons aforesaid he is Qualified to succeed him therein.

James Elmore Your Petitioner therefore most humbly prays your Worships that in Consideration of his long and faithfull Services in the Capacitys aforesaid your Worships will be pleased to permit him to be a Candidate for the said Office of Governour of the House of Correction, your Petitioner hereby promising that if he is so happy as to succeed thereto, he will merit your Worships future Favour's by a Constant and faithfull Discharge of his Duty.

And your Petitioner as in Duty bound shall ever pray Etc.

