To the Right Worpll his Maties Justices of the place for the County of Middlx now Assembled in their Genall Quarter Sessions of the peace at Hicks Hall in and for the said County.

The humble petcion and Appeale of William Collier, Joseph Birch Richard Claridge, William Sharp, David Minnell, James Chawell and John Pither Inhabitants of the parish of St James Clerkenwell in the County of Middlx on behalf of themselves and others Inhabitants of the said parish

Sheweth.

That being credibly Inform'd That John Fuller and Benjamin Hilton Esqrs. two of his Maties Justices of the peace for the said County Inhabiting in and near the said parish of St. James Clerkenwell did by an Order under their hands dated the Twenty third day of Aprill 1715. require Mr Tobias Gibson, Mr Ralph Kingston Churchwardens And Mr John Hocker, Mr Thomas Bennett, Anthony Best and John Walpoole Overseers of the poor of the said parish of St. James Clerkenwell within four days after the end of their Year and after other Overseers were nominated in their room to make and yeild up unto them a true and perfect Accompt of all Sumes of money by them received or rated and sessed, And not received and also of Such stock as should be in their hands [...] or in the hands of any of the poor to work and of all other things concerning their Said Office which Accompt they have refused to make to the said Justices, but instead thereof have procured their Accompts to be passed and allowed by Lawrence Sant Lo and Jeffery - Saunders Esqrs. two of his Maties Justices of the peace for the said County who do not live near the Said parish of St. James Clerkenwell and who (as Your petrs. & Appellants have been credibly informed) have owned that they were Surprised in the Allowing the said Accompts and did not look or inspect into the same before they Signed the Allowance thereof and have Since erased or Obliterated their Names. from the said Allowance of the Accounts of the said Churchwardens & Ovrseers of the poor or some or one of them .

Wherefore your petrs. & Appellants humbly conceive themselves Aggreived in the prmisses And pray Such Releif therein as to this Court shall seem meet.

And yor. petrs. Appellts. shall ever pray Etc

William Paull John Winsmore Jeremie Gasnet

William Collier Joseph Birch Richard Claridge William Sharpe David Minnet John Pither Hen Sheldon

