the Right worshipfull his Majesties Justices of the peace for the County Middx in their generall Quarter Sessions assembled

The Humble Petition and appeale of Sr.Jeremy Sambrook- Barronet James Gould of Edmonton Esqr and Trice Hammond of Edmonton, aforesaid Gentleman against the Doors Rate of the parish of Edmonton in the Said County for this present year 1733.

Sheweth That yor. Peticoner St.Jeremy Sambrook is Assesed or Taxed for the sume of 148 by the said Rate Assesment or Tax: That yor Peticoner James Gould is Assesed or Taxed for the sume of 22s. to said Rate that yor. Peticoner Trice Hammond is assessed or taxed for the Price of 90s to the said Tax Rate or Assesment And yor. Peticoners further Sheweth, unto yor. Worshipps that yor. Peticoners are very much Grieved by the said Assesment or Tax and that the same is very Irregular and unequall And that the severall sumes so assessed Rated or Taxed on your Peticioners are much more than yor Petioconers ought to pay for that your Peticoners by the said Assesment or Tax are Charged for Larger Sumes than, the Yearly Value of the Lands and houses respectively occupyed by your Peticoners do amount to And that severall persons Inhabitants of the said Parish, and who Occupye houses and Lands in the said Parish or are otherwise Chargeable to the said Rate or Assesment are not charged Assessed or Taxed in any Rexpoet what ever for part of such Houses Lands or Estates which, they Occupye in the Paid Parish and which, they ought to be Charged to the said Rate Assessment or

Tax.

Yor. Peticoners Therefore humbly pray that yor worships would be pleased to order that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, with their Respective Books or Rates for the poor for thos Present Year 1733 and all other Persons concerned may attend this Court some day this present Sessions in, order to hear and abide the Judgment and Determinate of this Court Concerning the said Appeale

And yor Peticoners shall over pray &

Edwd: Addy for Sr. Jeremy Sambrook Barr

James Gould

Trice Hammond

