To the Worshipfull Bench of Justices Assembled at Hickses Hall:

The Peticon of Mathias Marston Prisoner on ye Common Sides of Newgate

Humbly Sheweth That Yor: Worsps: Poor Petr: having been Confm'd hee ever since before Christmas [...] and was maliciously Indited for a pretended Assaull of the Beadle and Constable: only for Spite because Yor: Petr. Arrested the Sd Beadle for Money due to him two yeares before, the Sd Beadle hearing Severall him to before this Attempted to Ensuare yor. Petr. by Crafts Intreagues but could not till this Juncture: And yor. Petr. was first Charged under Pretence of Suspicion of Fellony: And could not make good the Charge but notwithstanding they Detain'd yor Petr. severall houses in a Publick house a Prisoner, And at last Sett on Yor. Petr. severall persons to beat him and they Cult yor. Petr. in Six Places in his head: and Compelled him to resist to save his life: for ye Constably long staff was brought in by a Strange fellow out of ye Streets, who knockt yor: Petr. down Severall times before the Beadle or Constable came in: And yor. Petr. in the Tray butt one Person who Indited yor Petr. at theire Charge: and yor. Petr. was Fined by ye Evidence of ye Constable Beadle and Watchman who was not there at all & yor. Worps: upon Consideration of his Poverty was pleased Street his Times in the Exchequer: And yor. Worsps. Petr lyes now quite Nasred and has no Friend to Assist him wth a Morsele of Bread: He therefore beys yor. Worsps. to pitty his sad Destress he having but lately before this been out of this Prison where he lay three yeares for Debt & also lay three Yeares in ye Gate house for Debt. from whence he was removed into Bethlem, where he lay one Yeare He therefore bey yor. Worsps: to Acquitt him of the Thirty Five Shillings Calender Fees: for wch. yor. Petr. now lyts here Confirm'd wth he can never be in Capacity to pay whilst he remaines here but most starve unless you speedily Order him to be Discharg'd.

And he as in Duty bound shall Ever Pray Etc

