Middlesex To the Worshipful William Mainwaring Esqr. Chairman & the rest of the Justices in their General Session of the Peace Assembled

The Petition of Michael Callikin

Most humbly Sheweth

That by Virtue of an Indenture bearing Date the 14th. of Octr: 1783. your Petitioner became Boundan Apprentice to Thomas Treadway then living at Knights bridge the Parish of St. Margaret Westminster Basket maker to learn the Art & Mystery of Basket making for the Term of Seven Years, & being then an Orphan, One Mary Watts paid his said Master the Sum of Fifteen Guineas as an Apprentice Fee.

That your Petitioner on the Execution of the said Indenture went along with his said Master to his Lodging at Knightsbridge where he had Two Rooms, wherein He, his Wife Mother his Three Children, & three Nurse Children lived, & was Employed at a Cellar in Covent Garden for about a Month Afterwards in picking & making bottoms of Baskets, & in mending Old Baskets on Three half Market Days in a Week, & had no Employment whatever the rest of the Week, his said Master having no Rods to Employ your Petitioner

That your Petitioner's Master had not Work for your Petitioner during the Time your Petitioner lived with him, & was only periodically Employed in Picking Baskets & making Bottoms, & was never Taught or Instructed his Business, or shewn how to make a Basket as by the said Indenture he Covenanted to do.

That your Petitioner when he went to live with his said Master had Two good Suits of Cloaths & Seven Shirts and otherwise well supplied with Shoes Stockings & other Necessaries, & his and Master had a Cellar in Covent Garden from one Mrs. Twigg to Work in, & having no Work to do there, & not having paid his Rent, Mrs. Twigg turned him out, & he afterwards took a Cellar in Bow Street, & having very little Business to do there, he left it in August last, & took another Cellar from Mr. Best in Covent Garden.

That your Petitioner's Master for want of Employment in his own Business is frequently Employed in Cutting of Wood & carrying out Coals for Edward Cole his Brother in Law in Drury Lane, & Compelled your Petitioner to Carry Coals very frequently from Drury Lane to Knightsbridge

That your Petitioner during his said Apprenticeship with his said Master was Stricted in Victuals, & was never Instructed in his Trade, & had not sufficient Cloaths allowed him

Your Petitioner therefore most humbly Prays your Worships will be pleased to take lase into your Consideration And Order him to be Discharged from his said Apprenticeship And that part of the said Apprentice Fee may be Returned, & to grant him such other Relief in the Premises as to your Worships shall seem meet.

And your Petitioner as in Duty bound shall ever pray Etc.

