To the Worshipful His Majestys Justice of the Peace for the County of Middx. in their General Session of the Peace Assembled

The Able. Petition of the Churchwardens & Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. Giles in the Fields in the sd. County

Sheweth That upwards of 2 yrs. ago one Alexander Fenton took a House of the yearly value of £20. in Monmonth Street in the sd. Parish and resided therein about 4 Months and hath not obtained any Subsequent Settlement, That he hath a Wife named Sarah, to whom he was Married about 20 years ago in the Parish Church of St. Margaret Westmr. and hath by her 2 Children Vizt. John aged about 12 years, and Frederick aged about 4 years and 7 Months, and that his sd. Wife is now Pregnant with Child by him and very near the time of her delivery.

That sevl. Months ago the sd. Alexr. Fenton ran away and left his sd. Wife and two Children in the Parish of St. James Westmr. and they being likely to become chargeable there were Removed by an order of 2 Justices from thence to the sd. Parish of St. Giles, to which sd. Last mentioned Parish they have been actually chargeable during about 6 Weeks last past the sd. Alexander Fenton having refused to allow his sd. Family any relief or Support altho he can and Constantly does earn one Guinea and nine Pence per week at his Business of a Taylor & they were in great distress and totally incapable of procuring a maintenance

That when the sd. Family first become chargeable as afsd. your Petitioners made complaint against the said Alexr. Fenton to David Walker Esqr. one of this Majestys Justices of the Peace for the sd. County who in consequence there of and upon the oath of the sd. Sarah issued his Warrant on the 6th. of May [...] last to apprehend the sd. Alex Fenton as a Rogue & Vagabond, Who was there upon taken into custody and conveyed before Thomas Bishop Esqr. at the Rotation Office in Litch field Street, where he positively declared that he wd. not allow his said Wife or Children any Relief nor Indemnify the Parish from the charge of maintaining them and added that he knew the Magistrate could only Commit him to the House of Correction until the Sessions when he wd. be Discharged of course and in the mean time could live as well in Prison as out.

That he was then Committed to the House of Correction at Clerkenwell in this County as a Rogue and Vagabond untill the Present Sess: upon the oath his sd. Wife and complaint of your Petrs. And your Petrs. are informed he has been constantly employed ever since his Committment about Work sent him by a Master Taylor & earns almost as much Money as if he was at large, but still Obstinately & perversely refuses to Indemnify the Parish or Allow his Family Relief And, in expectation of being Discharged at the gaol Delivery in this Present Sess: sets your Petrs. & the Laws of his County at defiance

That your Petrs. having already been put to considerable expence in maintaining the sd. Family & there being a great probability of such charge not only continuing but encereasing by reason of the Pregnancy of the sd. Sarah, without any view of procuring an Indemnity the sd. Alexr. Fenton

Yours Petitioners therefore Humbly beg leave to represent the Case to your Woships & Pray that you will be pleased to Order the sd. Alex Fenton to Indemnity their sd. Parish, Or that he be detained and kept in the House of Correction to hard Labour for such time as you may think proper, or otherwise punished as his delinquency may be thought to merit

And Your Petrs. will Pray Etc

Herbt. Robert. [...] for the Petitioners

