To the Worshipful his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Sessions of the Peace assembled

The Humble Petition and Appeal of the Church wardens & Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. Botolph without Aldgate in the said County

Sheweth

That by Virtue of a Warran or Order under the Hands and Seals of Wm. Wickham Esqr. and the Revd. Henry Reynett Clerk. Two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County (One being of the Quorum) bearing date the Fourth Day of February instant Susannah Wooldridge Widow of Edward Wooldridge deceased and her Two Children Vizt. Elizabeth aged about Twelve Years and William aged about Three Years were removed from the Parish of St. Mary Whitechapel in the County of Middlesex to the said Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate as the Place of their last legal Settlement

That your Petitioners conceiving themselves aggrieved by the said Warrant or Order Do humble appeal against the same And pray that your Worships will be pleased to appoint a Day this present Session that all Parties concerned may attend to hear and abide the Judgement & Determination of this Court touching the said Appeal

And Your Petitioner shall ever pray Etc

Clare & Glynes} Solicitor for the Parish of St. Botolph without Aldgate the appellants

Middlesex ss. At the General Session of the Peace of our Sovereign Lord the King holden for the County of Middlesex at the Session House on Clerkenwell Green in the said County on Monday the Seventeenth Day of February in the Thirty fourth Year orf the Regin of our Sovereign

Lord George the Third King of Great Britain France and Ireland Defender of the Faith Etc

It is Ordered by this Court That the Church Wardens & Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. Mary White Chapel in the County of Middlesex have Notice of this Appeal and that they and all Persons concerned Do attend this Court on Thursday the Twentieth Day of February instant at nine o' Clock in the Forenoon to hear and abide the Judgement & Determination of this Court touching the said Appeal

By the Court

