To William Mainwaring Esquire Chairman and the next of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex at this General Quarter Session of the peace now holding for the said County at the Session House for the said County

The Memorial of the Serval persons [...] John Names [...] hereunto set and subscribed late Constables oft he sevarls Parish M in the Division of Kenington in the said County affix be against such Notices respectively

Humble Presenteth

That your Mainers wait severally in Officer for their respective Parishes ater in the Years 1797

That then was several Informed they were not to make a Charges it their several Attendance Etc at the Petition Muting the Expences attending there Summosing those Mason

or any Expences incidental thereto by their serval Parishes M But to the County and was directed to make out thing several Bills M and deliver them in at the Session house for Examination which they did accordingly

That your Mum [...] Severally Attended the Magistrates at this Session house (Pursuant to Latter sent them for that purposes) who made some Objections as to Your Memets. Charge in Proportion to the Officers in Town but your Memets. stating the distances they severally lived they trouble they be burn at serving Sum I at White Chapels Southwell Uxbridge South well Bedfont Hampton Windsor & other Places some was diverted to be refend to a Committee since which Ye. Menorializts house recd. in directions whatever to Attend not has every of four Bills been discharged

Yours Memlts. Beg hour to state to Your Worship that they mostly have longe Families their Businesses very precariay and from a variety of different Circumstances the Amount of their several Bills or sd much thereof as the Committee may have Order'd them severally to be paid at this Juncture wod. be very Acceptable and of infinite Service

Your Memlts: Shuipre once more humbly bigs your Worships interformed in their Behalf that this same Mary with all convenient Speed be discharged

And as in duly Bound Will Ever pray

Kensington} Richd Fowler James Manser Thomas Moss

Fulham} Samuel Stow John Marriott

Harmmersmith} Thomas Shackets John Muffett George Hallett

Jno. Scott D L James [...] D L John Masow D L

