To the Worshipful his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Peace for the County of Middlesex at their General Quarter Session assembled.

The Humble Petition of the Church Wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Clapham in the County of Surrey

Sheweth That by an Order bearing date the 24th. day of February 1796 under the Hands and Seals of F. Floud and St. Thompson Esqr. two of his Majestys Justice of the Peace, in and for the County of Middllesex and Liberty of Westminster, grounded on the Complaint of the Church Wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, within the said County and Liberty, That Ann Bunn wife of William Bunn who is from her hath lately intruded and come into the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, and become chargeable.

That the said J. Floud and St Thompson upon examination of the Premises upon Oath and other Circumstances, did adjudge the same to be time, and did also adjudge the place of the last legal Settlement of the said Ann Bunn to be in your Petitioners said Parish of Clapham. By which said Order Your Petitioners think themselves aggrieved.

Your Petitioners humbly pray that your Worships will take this same into Consider and grant them such relief the nature of their Case may require

To the Worshipful his Majesty's Justices of the peace for this County of Middlesex in General Quarter Session of the peace for the said County assembled.

The Humble petition and Appeal of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the poor of the Parish of London in the County of Surdy

Sheweth That by Virtue of an Order or Pass Warrant finder the Hands and Seals of John Floud and Daniel Williams Esquires two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for for County of Middlesex aforesaid (one whereof being of the Quarum) bearing date the fifth day of November and thousand seven hundred and ninety five Charles Collier and Elizabeth his wife and one Child their lawful sun named Richard aged about two years were removed and conveyed from and out of the parish of Saint John at Hackney in the said County of Middlesex to the said Parish of Croydon as the place of his and their last legal Settlement whereby your petitioners conceive themselves to be aggrieved.

Your Petitioners therefore humbely appeal to this Court against the Adjudication of the said two Justices and their said Order and pray that your Worships will be pleased to appointed a day to hear and determine the said appeal.

And your petitioners shall ever pray

Fras. Heager Jin. Hery. Risley Char. Page Edwr. Ray G. Smith Charles Sharp

