To the Worshipfull His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex Assembled in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

The Humble Petition of Daniel Harrison of the Parish of St. Pancras in the said County Brickmaker.

Sheweth That by an Order under the hands and Seals of Vigerus Edwards and Richard Jackson Esqrs. two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County made at a Petty Sessions held by the said Justices on the 11th. day of March last it is (amongst other things) set forth that Zachariah Hollier and Richard Fanevil Scavengers (with others) for the parishes of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars and Saint George the Martyr in the said County for the Year 1757 had applied to your Petitioner for a Piece of Ground Containing about one Acre part of a Close near the bottom of Gray's Inn Lane in the said Parish of Saint Pancras in the Occupation of Your Petitioner and on the East side of the Turnpike Road there, on which to Lodge the Dirt, Dust, Ashes, and other Filth, to be taken out of and from the Streets Lanes Alleys Etc. within the said Parishes, And that the said Justices at the said Petty Sessions did approve of and Order that the said Scavengers and Silver Crispin their Raker should respectively have Liberty to Lodge their Dirt, Dust, Ashes, and other Filth on the same Piece of Ground, it being a vacant and Publick Place for one whole Year from the 25th. day of March last, and for which Your Petitioners is Ordered to be paid the sum of Twelve Pounds as a Rentor Satisfaction.

That there is no provision made in the said Order for the said Scavengers or Raker to Carry away from the said piece of Ground such Dirt, Dust, Ashes, and other Filth as shall be laid thereon by them.

That the said piece of Ground was not vacant on the said 11th. day of March last but was then Occupied by your

Petitioners son as a Laystall he being Raker for the Liberty of Saffron hill Statton Garden and Ely Rents.

That the said Piece of Ground having been made use of as a Laystall for the Year's 1751. 1752 1753 & 1754 by the Scavengers of the said Parishes of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars and saint George the Martyr, and by the said Silver Crispin as the Raker for the said several Years, and they the said Scavengers and the said Raker being by the General Quarter Sessions for the said County held the 4th. day of July in the 25th. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and also by several Orders of Two Justices at their petty Sessions Ordered to remove at their own Expence within a Reasonable time after the Expiration of the Year in the said Order mentioned from the said piece of Ground their Dirt Dust Ashes and other Filth, and which was their Duty to do for the said Year's 1751. 1752. 1753 and 1754 Yet they the said Scavengers and Raker have permitted One thousand Cart Loads of the said Dirt Dust and Filth left on the said Laystall in the said Year's Yet to remain and Continue thereon

Humphrey Elmes Attorney for the Appellt. Your Petitioner for the Reasons aforesaid and for other Causes think himself greatly Aggrieved by the said Order of the said two Justices of the peace and therefore Appeals to this Court against the same and humbly Pray's your Worships that the said Order may be Quashed or that your Petitioner may have such other Relief as to Your Worships shall sum meet.

And Your Petitioner shall ever pray.

