To the Worshipfull his Majesty's Justices of the Peace now Assembled at the Generall [...] Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Middlesex at Hicks's Hall in St. Johns Street in the said County

The Humble Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the parish of St. George in the County of Surry

Sheweth That Thomas Quarrill Esquire and Richard Ricards Esquire two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex aforesaid (one whereof being of the Quorum) upon Complaint made [...] them by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the poor of the parish of St. Matthew Bethnall Green in the said County of Middlesex that Ann Thornton Wife of Joseph Thornton lately Intruded and Came into the said Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green and was likely to become Chargeable to the same did by an order or warrant of Removall under their Hands and seals dated the Second day of February last past order the said Ann Thornton to be removed and Conveyed from the said parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green to the said parish of Saint George as the place of the last Legal Settlement of the said Ann Thornton

That the said Ann Thornton by Virtue of the said order hath been removed and Conveyed from the said parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green to the said parish of Saint George where she now remains Chargeable to the Same Parish.

Your Petrs. apprehending themselves aggreived by the said order or Warrant of Removall made by the said two Justices [...] aforesaid do therefore humbly Appeal against the same

Tho Lambe Edmd. Tuckey} Churchwardens

John Holme Thos. Sowdon} Overseers of the poor

Middlesex ss at the Generall Quarter Sessions of the Peace of our Sovereign Lord the King holden for the County of Middlesex at Hicks's hall in St. John's Street in the said County of Middlesex by adjornment on Tuesday the Nineteenth day of April in the twenty first year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second

King of Great Britain Etc

It is ordered by this Court that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the parish of St. Matthew Bethnall Green in the County of Middlesex have Notice of this appeal and that they and all persons Concerned do attend this Court on Friday next at ten of the Clock in the Forenoon to hear & abide the Judgement and determination of this Court touching the sd. appeal

By the Court Walter

