To the Worshipfull the Gentlemen in Commission of the Peace for the County of Middlesex at this Generall Sessions of the Peace at Hicks's Hall Assembled

The Humble Petition of Willm. Gray

Sheweth That Your Worships Pettitions standing Indicted for a Nusance in July Sessions last (which he Humbly admits to be a Very great Misdemeanor) begs have to offer this by way of Mitigation of his Offence Viz

That Ye. petr. humbly presumes his Ignorance may plead Something in his Behalf was not Knowing the Offence to be of so Henious and bad Consequence as it Appears upon Tryall

That Yr. Petr. Pleads Guilty to his Crime and with the Humbled Sumission throws himself at your Worships Suit for Mercy hoping his Generall good Character will have some Influence on Ye. Worships to show him Favour

That Yr. Petr. is a Very hard painstaking Man Depends wholly upon his own Hand Labour for Support and if a Prison shoeuld deprive him, of his Livelyhood he must Inevitably sunk under the Weight of his Misfortunes and Labour under the most deplorable Circumstances Imaginable and be and Object of the greatest Comisseration and pity Notwithstanding at the same time he submits if to your Worships that the Judgement awarded against him is just and According to the Merit of his Crime

We whose Names are Hereunto Subscribed being some of the Principall Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch, do Certify and Hbly. Recommend the Within named Pettitioner as a Person Worthy Favour and a Real Object of Compassion }

Thos Pateman Wm Sale T.

The Mark of Jno Jones Jno Bill Frans Johnson James Cardinon Ed Halk Thos Everitt John Shard Thos Olenton

Roger Renshard Susan Weaver Daniel Saverge James Walkinton Edwd Yates Zach Ingram William Long

Henry Shakespears John Wright Wm: Collier Thomas White Richard Wright James Watson Thos Whitworth

The therefore most Humbly Begs Implores that Yr Worships would be pleased to Mitigate his sentence and that (the Premises consider'd) he may Appear to your Worships and Object of Compassion and Merit your Favour

Willm Gray

