To the Worshipfull Sir John Hawkins Knight and the rest of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace assembled at their General Quarter Session of the Peace at Hicks Hall in Saint John Street in and for the County of Middlesex.

The Humble Petition of the Journeymen Weavers in the Narrow Fancy Trimming Branch of the Silk Manufacture in the County of Middlesex.

Sheweth

That in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to impower the Magistrates therein mentioned "to settle and regulate the Wages of persons employed in the Silk "Manufacture within their respective Jurisdictions" the Wages and Prices of Work of your Petitioners in the above branch of the Silk Manufacture within the County of Middlesex were settled, regulated and declared by his Majestys Justices for the said County at their General Quarter Session of the Peace holden in the Month of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy four And a printed Book containing the Wages and Prices agreed on between the Masters and their Journeymen and settled regulated and declared by the said Justices as aforesaid was ordered to be kept by the Clerk of the Peace at his Office for the inspection and perusal of all persons concerned and that the Order of Court then made should within the space of Fourteen days next following be published three times in two of the Daily Newspapers published in London or Westminster as by the said Order may more fully and at large appear.

That the said Order was accordingly published but the several and respective Wages and Prices contained in the said Printed Book and settled regulated and declared by the said Justices were not un particularly specified and set forth in such publication according to the meaning and intention and as required by the said Act of Parliament.

That your Petitioners are advised such omission renders the above settlement of their Wages of no force and that the several Masters [...] the above branch of the Silk Manufacture and your Petitioners [...] Journeymen are not bound thereby but may give or receive more [...] wages than contained in the said printed Book without sub [...] themselves to the respective penalties in the said Act of Parliament [...] mentioned And your Petitioners are further advised that as the [...] Act requires the Wages and Prices to be caused to be published by [...] Majesty's Justices who shall settle the same and within fourteen days from the settlement thereof that a publication of them without the authority and direction of this Court will be of no effect For remedy whereof and to prevent disputes between the Masters and their Journeymen and that neither of them may off and with impunity or attempt to interrupt that panguility which the said Act of [...] Parliament intended to effect and which has been hitherto observed

Your Petitioners humbly pray this Honourable Court will be pleased to affirm and declare the Wages and Prices as before settled and contained in the said Book and to order that the same may be particularly specified and set forth three times in two Daily News papers published in London or Westminster [...] that the Masters and their Journeymen in the above branch of [...] Silk Manufacture within the said County of Middlesex may [...] obliged to observe the same according to the meaning and [...] of the said Act of Parliament.

James Johnson John Farrington Timothy Elsam James Edger

Richard Read Thomas Male Edward York Wittam Davis Willm. Neale James Foxon Charles Pye David Branchir John Froskitt Timothy O [...] } On behalf of ourselves and the rest of the Journeyman Weavers in the Narrow Fancy Trimming Branch of the Silk Manufacture within the County of Middlesex.

