Middx Ss To the Rt. Worll her Maties. Justices of Peace at their Generall Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at Hickes's Hall for the County aforesaid

The humble peticon of Thomas Cruttenden Labourer

Sheweth. That yor. petr. in August 1705 made an Agreement with One Isaac Fowell to Nurse his Child at Two shillings Six pence per weeks to be paid monthly but before any inquiry was made of the fathers abilities or where he lived, the Childe was left at your Petrs. house in his absense by Surprize None of the family knowing from where it came, or how to return it back again

That two months being fully expired and no person in that time comeing near the Childe or to pay for its Nurseing your Petr. had reason to beleive he was deceived & imposed upon, and from that very time used his utmost endeavours to find out & discover the father and Mother of the Childe but could not altho he was at a great expence and had [...] th trouble there in But yor Petr. upon that pursint gott informacon that the said Isaac Fowell the father lived from his wife & were seperated before the Childe was put to yor. Petr, he Wandring to and [...] as a Vagabond without Settlement and her Lodgings were private that few knew where she was both of them (as yor. Petr was told) being in danger of trouble. And with all that their Childe which your Petr. Nursed for them was born and baptized in the Parish of St. Martin in the Feilds which upon Search is confirmed to be true That upon this Discovery yor. Petr. applyed to the Parish officrs [...] of St. Andrews Holbourn (he living there in) Praying that the Childe might be removed where it was born, but it was put of & delayed Upon Suggestion that an Appeal might be brought and their parish there by Susteyn Damage Etc.

And for as much as the maintaining the said Childe hither to with all necessarys hath [...] your Petr. to great hardshipps, and were it longer to continue would lend to his wher ri [...] he having no other dependanse for the Support of himselfe & family but by Porters labour & Watchman by might nor can he expert any recompence for what he has already ecpended upon the Childs account, the fathers sir [...] cu Stances being so low [...] bad & not to be found.

Wherefore yor. Petr. most humbly prays, That yor. Wopps. by the Order of this Court would please to cause the said Childe named Lucy Fowell about foure yeares of age to be passed a may as the Law in that case directs for the ease of your petr

And yor. Petr. (as in duty bound) Shall ever pray Etc.

