To the Rt: Worshipl. His Majesties Justices's of the Peace for the County of Middx at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace Assembled

The humble Peticon of Richard Mathews Owen Jones, Mathias Huntley, James Bennet, and John Harding, late petty Constables of Uxbridge divison in Elthorn Hundred in ye County of Middlx

Sheweth That whereas at a petty sessions held at Uxbridge for Uxbridge Divission on Elthorn Hundred in the County of Middx the Ninth day of April which was Anno dom 1724 (after reciting the Referrence therein recited Robert Viner, James Rogers & Francis Byng Esquires Three of his Majestyes Justices of the peace for the said County Did by their Warrant under their Hands & seales dated said Ninth day of April 1724 Order the then Treasurer of monies raised or to be raised for passing of Vagrants in the said County Forthwith to pay unto the said Richard Mathew and Rice Davis since datd the then petty Constables of Uxbridge Divission aforesaid, the sume of Five pounds and seven Shillings

5-7-0 4-6-0 7-3-0 16-16-0 And whereas by a certificate under the hands of Sr Geo: Cooke Knt Sr James Rogers and John Weedon Esquires three of His Maties Justices of the peace for the County aforesd Dated 25th: April 1728 They did thereby Certify unto his Majestys Justices of the peace in the same County That the [...] Sume of Four pounds and Six Six Shillings was them due to the said James Bennett & John Harding for their loss of time & expences in passing of Vagrants Etc

And whereas at a petty Sessions held at Uxbridge aforesaid for the Divission hundred & County aforesaid the 29th:day of May 1729. (after reciting the Referrence therein recited the said Sr George Cooke, Robert Viner and James Rogers, Esquire Three of His Majesty Justices of the Peace for the said County Did by their Warrant under their Hands & seales dated said Ninth day of May 1729 Order the Treasurer of Monies then Raised or to be raised [...] for passing of Vagrants in the said County forthwith to Pay the said Owen Jones, & Mathias Huntly, the then Petty Constables the sume of Seven Pounds & three Shillings as By the said Orders [...] or Warrants, [...] Certificate respectively may more fully appear

That neither of your Peticoners above named have at any time recd the Monies menconed & contained in the respective Orders & Certificate above menconed or any part thereof, Notwithstanding All their Applicacon made to obtain the same

Your Peticoners therefore Humbly Pray that this Honble Court would be pleased to Order that the Treasurer of the Monies for passing of Vagrants in the said County of Middx forthwith make payment of their per respective sumes of mony above menconed, or to make such other or further Order in the Prms for their Obtaining the same as to yor. Worspps shall seem meet

{James Barnes Vx Petr.} {And your Peticoners shall ever Pray Etc. Richard Mathews [...] Owen Jones, Nathanl: Huntly James Bennet John Harding ( [...] )

