That the said Business being of a Mechanical nature, and extremely difficult to learn, his Master has frequently declared to your Petitioners Father in Law Mr. John Lisle, and to Mr. Hastings, a Gentleman who is his Friend & Godfather, that from his natural Incapacity & weak Understanding, (which is his Misfortune) will never have sufficient knowledge of the said Business, so as to be able to get his Bread by it; And that his said Master has farther declared to them his being willing to discharge him, without any Allowance for it, saying that the keeping him was rather a Prejudice than Service to him his said Master, and added, that as he wished Your Petitioner Well, an account of his being an honest, sober, good Boy, he was the more willing to part with him, for his sake, that he might be put in some other way to get his Bread.

That within this Month Your Petitioners Master repeated the above Declarations to to the said Mr. Hastings, and even fixed upon

upon a day for his Discharge, But has since cruelly refused it, unless he is made Amends for the Loss he pretends to have sustained by your Petitioner; But Your Petitioner humbly presumes his Master cannot have been a Loser by him, as he had Ten Guineas with him, and his Servitude, he apprehends, even as a common Servant, must be worth his Maintenance, which is all he ever had from his Master, his Friends having found him in Cloaths & Washing.

That Your Petitioner's Father in Law and Mother are very poor People, he being only a Journeyman Buckle Maker, has one Young Child, & his Wife big with another, It is therefore not in their power to give his Master even One Guinea, without very greatly distressing themselves.

That it being possitively & frequently declared by Your Petitioners said Master, that he will never be able to get his Bread by the said Business, and his readiness to discharge him, the said Mr. Hastings his Godfather, has generously & humanely, out

out of Compassion, Promised to put him in a way to get his Bread, suitable to his Capacity

Your Petitioner therefore most humbly prays, Your Worships, will be pleased to take his unhappy Case into Consideration, and to order his Discharge from his Apprenticeship, which can be the only means of his future Welfare.

And Your Petitioner, as in duty bound, will ever. Pray Etc as

Decemr: 1774 Henry Haslip

Middlesex at the general Session of the Peace of our Lord the King held for the County of Middlesex at Hicks Hall in Saint John Street in the said County on Monday the fifth day of December in the 15th. year of the Reign of King George the third in the Year of our Lord 1774.

It is Ordered by the Court that the said Benja. Duters an have Notice of this Appeal, and that her and all persons concerned do attend the Court here on Thursday the 12th. day of January next at 8 o'Clock in the Morning to hear & abide the Judgment & Determination of the Court touching the within Appeal

By the Court Butler

