To the Worshipfull his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster in their General Quarter Session of the peace Assembled.

The Humble Petition of Augustus Lohne of the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden within the City and Liberty aforesaid Taylor.

Sheweth That by Indenture of Apprenticeship bearing date the Twenty Sixth day of March which was in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven hundred and Fifty one William Jones Son of Jasper Jones deced and then late a Child of Christs Hospital London did put himself Apprentice to Your petitioner for the Term of Seven Years from the date thereof to learn the Act and Business of a Taylor.

That Your Petitioner received from the Governore of Christs Hospital five pounds, and five pounds, more from his said Apprentices Mother But Your Petitioners has Expended in Providing Cloaths for his said Apprentice and other Necessarys as near as Your Petitioner can at this distance of time remember the Sum of Ten Pounds The Cloaths with Your Petitioners said Apprentice had on when he Came to Your Petitioner being taken away by Order of the Governors

That a little above half a Year after the Executing the said Jud [...] Your Petr. Suffered Greatly in his Business by his sd. Apprentices Staying of Errands and Loitering about the Streets

That Your Petitioners Beds and Linnen (Whereon his Apprentice Used to lay) were greatly Damaged and even Rotted by reason of his said Apprentices Watering and Soiling of the Same So that they are not Now even fit for use

That When Your Petitioner in the day time has been Waiting on And taking Orders of his Customers, And Expecting on his return to have found his said Apprentice about his Proper Business, Instead thereof has Frequently found him lying on the Bed with all his Cloaths on, or otherwise Idle in the Kitchen either lying on the Dressers or Sitting by the fire, And on being Asked by Your Petitioner his reason of Such behaviour Your Petition [...] could get very little (but no Satisfactory) Answer And he always behaved in a Very Sullen and Stubborn Manner.

That Your Petitioners said Apprentice has always behaved in a Most Audacious Saucy Manner both to Your Petitioner and his wife But particularly More So to Your Petitioners Maid Servant & Workman And on Your Petitioners being Informed thereof and Correcting him for the Same he threatned to Poison the Maid And as to Your Petitioner & the Family and Lodgers (Your Petitioner then & now having Lodgers of Considerable Repute in the House) he declared he would be even with them, On being Asked which way and how. he Answered he would Raise Thunder by Rolling the Goose or Irons

down Stairs in the Morning before the Family were up And that he would not if he could help it let the Family have any rest; And your Petitioner has often reced Complaints from his Lodgers of his said Apprentices Insolent behaviour.

That Your Petitioner on Saturday the Twenty fifth of November last Sent his said Apprentice to a Shoemakers in Castle Street about Nine a Clock at Night but he did not return till About One the next Morning And was let in by Your Petitioners Lodgers Maid, On which Your Petitioner not being able any longer to bear the Bad behaviour of his said Apprentice Applyed on the Monday following to Mr Justice Fielding for a Warrant which was granted, But Your Petitioner being Unwilling to Execute the Same on his said Apprentices Promising Amendment he postponed doing thereof And your Petitioner being desirous of knowing what Company his said Apprentice had been with (he not being Willing to Acquaint Your Petitioner there with) took his said Apprentice with him to One Mr. Morell a Friend of his said Apprentice's Mother in Order by him the said Mr. Morell to be Examined but he often Shifted in his Answers And would not Own the truth

That Your Petitioner being Still Uneasy and fearing that his said Apprentice had got into loose Company desired on Mr. Rafugeau a Neighbour and an Acquaintance of Your Petitioners Strictly to Examine his said Apprentice Upon which he Confessed to the said Mr. Rafugeau That on the Saturday Night he picked up at Covent Garden play house two Link boys and went with them to Leicester Fields with an Intent of Picking Pocketts And afterwards came back with them to a House in Saint Giles's where they had Bread Cheese and Beer And being Asked what part he was to Act in the said Affair told the said Mr. Rafugeau that he was to throw the people down And in the Scuffle the other two was to come and pick their pocketts, And Showed the said Mr. Rafugeau twice the Manner he was to throw them Notwithstanding this Confession Your Petitioner was Unwilling to turn him out of his house in hopes of a future Amendment

That on Saturday the Twenty Seventh of January last Your Petitioner's said Apprentice Absented himself from Your Petitioners Service with all his Cloaths, on Which Your Petitioner Advertised him in the Daily Papers, Whereupon on the Sixth of February following in the Evening he was brought to Your Petrs. house by his Sister with Nothing but Raggs on And Your Petrs. being fearful of taking his said Apprentice into his said house again refused him Admittance and gave the Warrt. he Some time before had take in out against him to a Constable who carried him to Round house that Night And the next day was taken before Mr Justice Fielding who Committed him to Tuttle Fields Bridewell, but has Since been Bailed

That Your Petr. is well Assured that his said Apprentice for the reasons aforesd. & his often declaring he would not Stay with your Petitioner is got Acquainted with very bad and dangerous Company And Should he take him again Your Petr. will be always in fear or danger of being Robbed or Some other Damage happening to him or his family.

Your Petitioner therefore Most humbly prays Your Worships not only to be discharged from the sd. Indres of Apprenticeship But that Your Worships would Order Such Methods to be

taken with the said Apprentice for Your Petitioners Safety As to Your Worships Shall Seem most Meet and Convenient

And Your Petitioner Shall ever Pray Etc

Augustus Lohne

City Borough & Town of Westmr. in the County of Middx } At the general quarter session of the peace of our Lord the King holden at the Town Court House near Westmr. Hall in and for the Liberty of the Dean & Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westmr. the City Borough & Town of Westmr. in the County of Middx and St. Martin ll Grand London on the Wednesday the 17th day of April in the 27th. year of King George the second

It is Ordered by this Court that the within named William Jones and all other persons concerned do attend this Court on friday next being the nineteenth day of this instant April at ten of the clock in the forenoon to answer the within Petition & to abide the final Order and determination of this Court touching the same

by the Court

Forbes

