To the Worshipfull his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Sessions Assembled

The Humble Petition of Robert Bradstreet

Sheweth That by Articles of Agreement Indented bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of October 1752 Between Jonathan [...] Bradstreet and your Petitioner his Son of the one Part and John Honychurch of the Parish of Saint Martins in the Fields Watchmaker of the other Part Your Petitioner by and with the Conse [...] of his said Father did putt himself Apprentice to the said John Honychurch to Learn the Art and Mistery of a Watch Movement Maker and finishing a Watch and with him as an Apprentice to Dwell and Serve for the Term of Eight Years from the Date of the said Articles of Agreement.

That your Petitioner's said Master [...] and by the said Articles and for and in Considerat [...] of the Sum of Fifteen Pounds paid to him by your Petitioner's Father Jonathan Bradstreet did Covenant Promise and Agree to use the utmost of his Endeav [...] to Teach and Instruct or Cause to be Taught and Intructe [...] your Petitioner in the said Art and Mistery of a Wa [...] Movement Maker and finishing as Watch And w [...] to find your Petitioner Competent and sufficient Meat Drink and Lodging

That your Petitioner's Master hath since failed and wants to turn over your Petitioner to his Brother which your Petitioner's Fath [...] & self are not Willing to Consent to And although your Petitioner hath a reputable Master willing to take him for the remainder of the Term Yet his said Master threatens to one any person that shall Turn Over

Entertain your Petitioner though he himself is obliged to abscond and is Actually going or is Gone to settle abroad And that your Petitioner now is and for many Weeks past hath been with his Father being sent there by his Master for support and hath several Times since been to tender his Service to his Master butt your Petitioner cannot find his said Master neither will any of the Family Inform your Petitioner where he is.

Your Petitioner therefore humbly prays your Worships would be Pleased to Order that the said John Honychurch Do attend this Honble Court some day this Present Sessions, to answer your Petitioner's Complaint And to hear and abide the Judgment and Determination of this Court touching the Prmes

And Your Petioner shall ever Pray

Robert Bradstreet

