At the Right Worshipfull the Justices of the Peace of the County of Middlesex

The humble Peticon of Abell Weekes Keeper of New Prison,

Sheweth That your Petr was obliged by Order of this Court to layout upon the Necessary Repaires of New Prison the Sume of £100. P Ann for the three first yeares he should Enjoy the Said Office That your Petr the better to Demonstrate his Duty full Acknowledgment and Gratitude to this Court for their great favour in bestowing the Said Office Upon him hath Already Advanced and laid out (besides the Said £300.) the further Sume of £131:12s:7d upon the Repaires of New Prison in order to make the Same more Strong and Convenient All Which Repaires have beene Viewed and the Accounts relateing thereunto Examined by a Comittee. appointed by this Court who he humbly hopes are Satisfied that he hath laid out Soe much money And that the Same was absolutely Needfull That yor. Petr. also humbly leaves leave to recommend to your worshipps Consideracon the Round houses And Spunging houses Sett upp in Severall parts of the County of Middx And in Contempt of Many Orders of this Court to the Contrary in Wth. Round houses the Constables Beadles or Watchmen have Imprisoned the Kings Subjects Many hours Nights And dayes And do frequently Discharge Prisonr for the Worst of Crymes without bringing them before a Justice of the Peace Prtending Such Prisonr Escaped from them or doe agree and make upp Matters before hand wth their Prisoners taken Upp by them And also do Imprison in the Said Round houses persons taken upon Bench Warrants Justices Warrants And likewise Such Prisoners who have beene actually Committed to New prison both by Justices Comittmts. And by Pety Sessions to the Very great Damage of Yor Peticoner But Thieves Murderers Soldiers and Persons who have beene Imprisoned in the Said Round houses and spent all their Monyes therein they never fayle to bring to New Prison Whereby Such Prisoners become a great charge to yor Peticonr by reason of their Extreame Poverty want and Sickness [...]

Feb 1697/8 Youre Peticonr therefore humbly Prayes your Worshipps will be pleased to afford him your assistance and Directions in the premisses without which he will be unable to Maintaine the Poore Committed to his Custody The great Charges of Servants Wages and other Incident Expences wch. are the Necessary [...] of the Said Office besides the £30 P Ann he is in arreare [...] And also that Yor ever petrs will be pleased to consider [...] his Reimbursement of the £131 12s 1d laid out [...] you in your greatwisdome shall Seeme most Expences [...]

