To the Worshipfull His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County of Middlesex at their General Sessions of the Peace holden by Adjournment at Hicks Hall on Tuesday the twelfth Day of April 1774 in and for the said County assembled

The Humble Petition and Appeal of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Spesbury in the County of Dorset

Sheweth That by a certain Pass or Order of Removal bearing Date the thirtieth Day of March last past and signed and executed by The Right Honourable The Lord Dudley and Ward and William Ruggs Esquire two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster Renting that a Complaint had been made unto [...] as such Justices (one whereof being of the Quorum) by the Church wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. George Hanover Square That Elizabeth Walters (Widow of Thomas Walters) aged fifty eight Years had lately intruded and come into the said Parish of St George Hanover Square and become chargeable to the same, They the said Justices upon Examination of the Premises upon Oath and other Circumstances did adjudge the same to be true and did also adjudge the Place of the last legal Settlement of the said Elizabeth Walters to be in the said Parish of Spesbury in the said County of Dorset The said Justices therefore in His Majesty's Name required the said Church Wardens and Overseers of the said Parish of St George Hanover Square to remove and convey the said Elizabeth Walters from and out of the said Parish of St George Hanover Square to the said Parish of Spesbury and her deliver to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor there or to some or one of there together with the said Pass or Order (or a true Copy thereof) who were thereby required to receive and provide for her according to Law

By which said Pass or Order of the said two Justices (which was served on your Petitioners the fifth Day of this instant April and not before) Your Petitioners and Appellants

apprehend themselves aggrieved and not having had [...] themselves on so short Notice do appeal to this Court the same

Therefore Your Petitioners and Appell [...] that the Court will appoint a Day next for the said Churchwardens and Overseers [...] of the said Parish of St George Hanover [...] and all Persons concerned to attend th [...] hear and abide the Judgment and D [...] of the Court touching the said Appeal and Your Petitioners and Appellants ma [...] relieved in the Premises as to this C [...] seem meet

And your Petitioners [...]

John Webb Solicitor for the sd. Ap [...] Cliffords Inn

