Middlesex To the Worshipfull his Majestys Justices of the Peace of the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace assembled

The humble Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Horton in the County of Buckingham

Sheweth

That by the Statute of the forty third year of the Reign of her late Maj [...] Queen Elizabeth Intituled an Act for the Relief of the Poor It is enacted as followeth (to wit) And be it further enacted That the father and Grand father and Mother and Grand Mother and the Children of every poor Old Blind Lane and Impotent Person or other Poor Person not able to work; being of as sufficient Ability shall at their own Charges Relieve and Maintain Every such poor Person in that Manner and According to that Rate as by the Justices of the Peace of that County where sufficient Persons dwell or the greatest Number of them at their General Quarter Sessions shall be assessed upon Pain that every One of them shall forfeit Twenty Shillings for every Month they shall fail therein

That Martha How an Inhabitant of and legally settled in the Parish of Horton in the County of Bucks aforesaid Widow and Relict of John How late of the same Place Baker deceased and her four Children born of her Body and lawfully begotten by the said John How (to wit) William about Six Years Old John about four Years Old Martha about two Years Old and Michael about Two Months Old also legally settled in the said Parish of Horton being Poor and impotent Persons and not able to work have been for some time past relieved in the said Parish of Horton as part of their Poor being become chargeable to the said Parish of Horton.

That Michael Crew of the Parish of Stanwell in the County of Middlesex Yeoman father of the said Martha How and Grand father of her said Four Children (to wit) the said William How John How Martha How and Michael How is of a sufficient Ability to relieve and Maintain her the said Martha How his Daughter and them the said William How John How Martha How and Michael How his Grand Children He being a Person possessed of a considerable Real Estate to the Amount of One hundred Pounds a Year and upwards in the said Parish of Stanwell and a considerable Farmer or Husband mam Occupying Two hundred Pounds a Year and upwards.

That your Petitioners have applyed to the said Michael Crow to relieve and Maintain his said Daughter Martha How and his said Grand Children William How John How Martha How and Michael How The which he refuses to do.

Your Petrs. therefore most humbly pray your Worships to take the Premises into Consideration and to make such Order therein as to your Worships shall seem meet.

And your Petitioners shall ever pray Etc.

Jabez Goldar Sollr. for and on [...] Churchwardens and Overseers [...] Inhabitants of the Parish

