To the Worshipfull his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex At their General Quarter Session of the Peace assembled.

The humble Petition of John Norris

Sheweth. That by Indenture bearing date the Nineteenth Day of November 1754 Your Petitioner did put himself Apprenhed to William Hoare of the Parish of Christ Church in the County of Middlesex Cabinet maker to learn his Art and with him after the manner of an appear his [...] Serve from the Day of the Date thereof unto the full End and Term of [...] Seven Years from thence next following and to be fully Compleat and Ended.

That Your Petitioner Master did by the said Indenture for [...] to teach and Instruct or cause to be taught and Instructed your said Petitioner in the Art of a Cabinet maker which he then Used in the best way and manner that he said finding unto your Petitioner sufficient Meat Drink wasting and Lodging.

That in Pursuance of the said Indenture your Petitioner lived with and served his said Master from the Date of the said Indenture till on or about the Twelfth Day of July last who your Petitioners Master absconded from his dwelling House and your Petitioner has nerver seen him since.

That your Petitioners Master has left a Wife and two small Children who are in very low Circumstances and not able to Instruct or cause your Petitioner to be Instructed in the said Trade whereby he may be Enabled to get his living.

That your Petitioner cannot get any one to Employ him whilst under the said Indenture but were he at Liberty to bind himself he has now a Person [...] will take him Apprentice and Provide fro him and learn him his Trade which will Enable your Petitioner to get his Livelihood.

Therefore your Petitioner humbly Pray this Court will be graciously pleased to Order your Petitioner to be discharged from his said Master and the said Indenture And that he may be at Liberty to bind [...] himself a new to Enable him to get an honest Livelihood Or that he may be reliev'd in the Promisses as to this Court shall seem meet

And your Petitioner shall ever Pray Etc.

John Norris

