To the Worshipfull Thomas Lane Esqr Chairman and the Rest of the Worshipfull Justices at this Present General Sessions of the Peace held for the County of Middlesex at Hicks Hall in Saint Johns Street in and for the Said County

The Humble Petition of Henry Ferrebee late of the Parish of Rolliston in the County of Stafford Gentleman

Sheweth That Your Petitioner by Indenture Dated the 20th of June 1759 was Bound Apprentice to John Pickering lats of Birmingham in the County of Warwick Toyman but now of the Parish of Saint Luke in the County of Middlesex to Serve him as his Apprentice for the Term of Seven Years And the Said John Pickering in Consideration of such Service and of Sixty three Pounds paid by the Reverend Michael Ferrebee the Father of the said Henry Did thereby Covenant to Teack an Instruct the Sd Henry in the Sd Business of a Toymaker during the said Seven Years.

that his Business as a Toyman wch he carryed on when Your Petr was Bound an Apprentice to the said John Pickering was only making of Watch keys Watch Seals and hand Bells for Tea Tables.

That Your Petrs said Master hath Neglected to teach or to cause Your Petr to be lought or Instructed in the making of Watch keys watch Seals and hand Bells for Tea Tables the Business he was Employed in and Used at the time of Your Petrs being Bound as aforesaid And that Your Petr is not able to perform any of the said Work with his own hands to Obtain his Lively hood thereby

That Your Petrs Sd. Master being under very Calamitons Circumstances and not able to Prosecute his said Business Shutup his Shop in Bermingham aforesaid And about August 1761 having Quitted his Trade at Birmingham came to London Wearing his said Business. And that Your Petr was prequently Oblidged to Advance Money to his Sd. Masters wise for his Subsistance and for the Support of his Master Wife and Family during his Absence from home

That On or about the 15th day of Septr 1761 Yor Petrs Sd Master Procured himself to be make a Prisoner for Debt in the Kings Bench Prison and was discharged on the Compulsive Clause in the late insolvent Act

That Yor Petrs Sd Master John Pickering as Your Peters credibly informed now lives in Iron Monger Row in the Sd Parish of Saint Lukes And Also that he carrys on a Different Business than what he Occupyed or was Employed in at the time of Your Petrs being Bound to him as afsd - And that he Notwith standing Pretends to claim Yor Petr as his Apprentice in Order to Extort Sixty Pounds more from Your Petr to Obtain his Discharge from his Sd. Master for the remainder of his Term.

Your Petitioner Therefore Humbly Prays Your Worships to Discharge Yor Petitr from the Sd. Indenture of Apprentship and from the Service of the Said John Pickering And that he may Refund part of the Sd Consideration Money in the Sd. Indenture mentioned as to Your Worships Shall Seem meet.

And Your Petr as in duty Bound shall ever Pray Etc. Henry Ferrebee

