To the Worshipful the Chairman & others his Majesty's Justices of the Peace at this present General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Middlesex at Hicke's Hall assembled

The humble Petition of Blanch Ratcliffe

Sheweth That your Worships humble Petr. on Wednesday the 4th. of April instant, applyed to Wm. Withers Esqr: one of his Majestys Justices of the Peace, for this County, for a Warrant against one Robert Wilbraham for an Assault comitted on her in breach of his Majestys Peace which his Worship was pleased to grant, That the ensueing day being Thursday the 5th instant the Warrant was delivered to one Thos Lloyd a Headborough, in Kingsland Road in the Parish of St: Leonard Shoreditch in the County aforesaid, by your Worships Petr: That upon delivery of such Warrant to him, he insisted on Six pence to Serve it and refused to Execute it unless such money was paid him, That your Worships Petr: upon such Demand being made, gave him the Six pence he insisted on Soon after your Worships Petr. went with the said Thos Lloyd to put in force such Warrant, & your Worships Petr: saw him take into Custody, the said Robert Wilbraham, by virtue of such Warrant as aforesaid, That your Worship's Petr: being intirely ignorant in Affairs of this Kind, was perswaded by the said Thomas Lloyd to go forwards to Mr Justice Withers, and he would follow with the Prisoner imediately, accordingly She went and at the Justices Office stayed for the space of several hours, expecting the Officer to bring the Prisoner, but neither Officer or Prisoner coming in a reasonable time, your Worships Petr received a Message from Thos Lloyd the Headborough that she might stay if she thought proper, for that he should not attend her till he thought proper, which he did not know but might be two or three days on which notice, She imediatly went home &

inquired of Thos: Lloyd the Headborough what he had done in the Affair, he reply'd, that he did not Value the Justice that granted the Warrant, or any body else, that he defyed him, and had acted as his thought proper, That upon a further Inquiry your Worship's Petr. found that whilst She was sent down to Mr Justice Wither's Office to attend their Coming, the said Thos Lloyd carryed the Prisoner to Mr Justice Lawton and there the Prisoner Robt. Wilbraham was discharged [...] as she humbly apprehends by Mr Justice Lawton, his Worship not being apprehensive that your Petr, was sent another way [on purpose that the Prisoner might be discharged,] That she might not have opportunity [---] make good her Complaint

Your Worships Petr. most humbly begs that you would be pleased to relieve her in the Premisses and make such Order as to your Worship shall Seem meet

And Your Petr: (as in duty bound) shall ever Pray Etc.

P:S: Mr Justice Withers Warrt. ever

Blank Ratleaf

