To the Worshipfull John Hawkins Esqr. and to the Rest of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Sessions Assembled

The Humble Petition and Appeal of Lewis Weston one of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint John [---] of Wapping in the County of Middlesex paying to the Releif of the Poor within the said Parish

Sheweth That on the Seventeenth Day of October Last a Rate or Assessment was made for the Releif of the poor of the said Parish by Francis Punderson and [...] -Charles Jecks Churchwardens and Robert Smith Charles Bacon James Graham and Alexander Simson Overseers of the poor of the said Parish and Allowed by and under the Hand and Seals of Christopher Scott Esqr. and Charles Digby Esqrs. two of his Majesties Justices of the Peace in and for the said County on the Twenty Seventh Day of the said Month of October and which Rate was made for three months

That your Petitioner thinks himself Aggreived by the said Rate or Assesment by Reason of the Same being in Many Instances Partial and unequal and in Particular that your Petr. is there in Charged more and at

a much Higher annual Rent for the prmes he Occupies in the said Parish than the Rent he Actually Pays for the same or the Real Annual Value thereof

Your Petr. therefore humbly prays that your Worships would be pleased to Order the Benefit of the said Appeal to be Saved to your Petr. and that your Worships would also be pleased to Appoint a Day in the present General Sessions or in the next General Quarter Sessions of the peace to hear and Determine the said Appeal and at the Same time that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish may produce the Books of the Old Rates for the Relief of the poor of the said Parish as also the Books of and Containing the Present Rates And that your Worships would also be Pleased to make Such further Order for the Releif of your Petr. in the prmes as to your Worships Shall Seem Meet and Reasonable

And your Petr. shall Ever Pray Etc.

Wm. Chamberlain Sollr for the sd. Lewis Weston Princess Square Ratcliff Highway

