To the Worshipfull his Majesy's Justices of the peace for the County of Middlesex at their General Quarter Session of the peace held in & for the said County Assembled

The Humble petition and appeal of Michael Impey Esqs on behalf of himself and others

Sheweth That your petitioner never was in House holder in the Hanah of Hammer smith in the County of Middlesex, but on the Tenth day of April last and long before that time was and Still is One of his Majesties Justices of the peace of and for the City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex and that it hath not been usuall and Customary to Nominate and Appoint any one of his Majesty's Justices of the peace an Overseer of the poor

That the names of ye. Petr. and one William Andrews were [...] Inserted in the list in Writing of a Competent Number of the most Sufficient Householders of the aforesaid Hamblet of Hammersmith who were made Choice of at a publick meeting of the parishioners or Inhabitants of the said Hamlet in Easter Week last, as appears by the aforesaid List in Writing delivered in to the petty Session or Monthly meeting of his Majesty's Justices. of the peace of and for the said County of Middlesex holden for the Kensington Division within [---] One month after Easter last, for their better Information in Appointing Overseers of the poor to Succeed the overseers of the poor of the said Hamlet for the last year which said List in Writing was by the Warrant of Nomination and Appointment of the overseers of the poor of the said Hamlet for the last year required to be delivered in as aforesaid and is usual and Customary in such and the like Cases

That Notwithstanding wch On the said 10th. day of April last Yr petitioner was together with Mountague Grover Esq and the said William Andrews as Substantial House holders of the said Hamlet of Hammersmith in the County of Middlesex aforesaid by a Warrant delivered unto ye Petrs. then bearing date under the Hands and Seals of Saml. Beaver Edward Loyd Thos. Nicholl and Charles Wale Esqrs. four of his Majestys Justices of the peace (whereof one of them then was of the Quorum) of and for the said County dwelling in or near the said Hamlet of Hammersmith Nominated and Appointed an overseer of the poor of the said Hamlet for one year then next ensuing or untill other Overseers are Appointed in their Stead, tho' by the Stature in this Case made and provided Overseers of the poor ought to be Nominated and Appointed party in Easter Week, or within One Month after Easter.

That John Bagley the present Churchwarden of the aforesd. Hamlet of Hammersmith was on the sd. 10th day of April last and now Churchwarden of the aforesaid Hamlet Notwithstandg. [...] Justices of the peace of & for the said County have not Nominated Appointed the said John Bagley the Churchwarden aforesaid [...] of the poor of the said Hamlet for the Current year together with [...] and the said Montague Grover Esqr and William Andrews Contrary Statute in that Case made and provided

That the said Wm Andrews who Appears by ye Petr. Wa [...] of Nomination and Appointment, to be nominated and Appo [...] Overseer of the poor of the said Hamblet together with ye Petr. [...] Moutague Grover Esqr has not yet reced any such Warrt of [...] and Appointment from the aforesaid A Justices or any of that the said Wm. Andrews since the said Tenth day of April last [...] Actually been Sworn in Constable of the aforesaid Hamlet of [...] by John Fielding Esqs and hath Acted and now doth Act as Constable said Hamlet

That for the Reasons aforesaid Your Petrs. think [...] much Agrieved by the said Nomination and Appointment of the four Justices to be an Overseer of the poor of the said Hamlet of [...] And Humbly Appeals to this Court agt. the same

Your Petr. therefore most himbly prays this [...] be pleased to Appoint a Day in this present General Quarter That your petitioner may be heard in the Prmes [...] the said four Justices And all persons Concerned may then Attend and Shewcause (if they [...] the said Warrt. of Nomination and Appointment not be Quashed, & ye Petr. be releived in the plm

And that the said four Justices and all Persons Concerned may Abide by such Order as this Court shall make Concern premises

And yr. petitioner shall ever [...]

Michael Impey

