To the Worshipful Worshipful his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex at their General Quarter Session Assembled

The Humble Petition and Appeal of Richard Watson of the Parish of Saint Anne in the said County Glazies

Sheweth That on or about the Twenty Third day of November in the year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty Eight John Milton did find himself Apprentice by Indenture to your Petitioner to learn his Art and with him after the manner of an Apprentice to some from the Day of the Date thereof for the Term of Seven Years in which said Indenture was contained the Covenants usual in such Indentures of Apprenticeship as well on the said John Miltons behalf as your Petitioners

That the said John Milton immediately entered into your Petitioners Service as his Apprentice and continued therein untill the Month of May last past or thereabouts during which Time he committed many Misdemeanors in his Service and particularly in the said Month of May last or thereabouts the said John Milton having been guilty of a flagrant Action of Obscenity to your Petitioners Domestick Woman Servant who complained to your Petitioner thereof your Petitioners to correct the said John Milton and to reform and amend his Manners and to prevent his committing the like Offence infuture did as it was lawfull for him to do moderately chastise and beat the said John Milton which occasioned an Application to be made by the said John Milton to John Sherwood Esqr. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex complaining of being violently Assaulted and immediately corrected when Your Petitioner Appearance before the said Justice and no such Violence [...] as complained of appearing and the said John Miltons obsene Bohaviour being proved to the [...] Satisfaction the Complaint was dismissed and the said John Milton was ordered to return [...] your [...] Master on Pair [...] of [...] if he failed to do so. [...] Your Peti [...] and is employed [...] of the [...] Trade and the said John Milton Frother Complained that Your [...] had not employed any [...] Journey man to Assist and instruct him therein the contrary whereof your Petitioner will prove to be true And he also complained that Your Petitioner had employed him chiefly as a Potter and an Errand Boy but being interrogated As to Tracts could only remember with Precision once carrying a Parcel to the New River at Limehouse About Fifty or One Hundred Yards Distance and two or three Times fetching from the Bale and Mouth Inn in London some trifling Presents sent from the County ti Your Petitioner by his friends Whereupon the said Justices upon the Oath of the said John Milton alone and without Dany other Proof and for us other Cause whatsoover to the Knowledge of Your Petitioner ordered the said John Milton to be discharged from his Apprenticeship to Your Petitioner and have as your Petitioner is informed and beleives given a Warrant or Certificate for such Discharge under their Hands and Seals

Cooke Sofr. for Appellant Your Petitioner conceiving himself aggrieved by such Judgment and Determination of the said Burford Camper and John Sherwood Esquires Doth appeal therefrom to Your Worships and humbly prays that you will be pleased to order the said John Milton to appear at a certain Day to be appointed to hear and abide the Judgment and Determination of your Worships touching this your Petitioners said Appeal And in regard your Petitioners has not had Notice of the said Warrant or Certificate of [...] the Discharger by Service of a Copy thereof your Petitioner further prays your Worships to order the said John Milton to produce the said Warrant or Certificate at the hearing of the said Appeal And that your Petitioners reasonable Costs in this behalf may be adjudged to him

And your Petitioner shall Etc:

Name of the said Anthony Woodland giving your Petitioner Notice he would that Day bring to the Rotation Office the said John Milton and your Petitioner having been thentofore during the said John Milton's Confinement in Bridewell harrassed with various Notices and Letters about the said John Milton and having sustained a great Deal of [...] Trouble and Fatign [...] did not regard such Note but on the said Eleventh day of August he received a Summons under the Hands and Seals of the said Burford Camper and John Sherwood Esqrs: setting forth that Information and Complaint had been made to them by the said John Milton that your Petitioner the said John Miltons master had abuse and ill treated him and particularly for violently and cruelly beating him Contrary to the Statute Etc: and thereof requiring your Petitioner to Personally appear before them or such other his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County as should be Assembled at the Angel and Crown Tavern in Whitechapel in the County aforesaid on the Saturday then next to answer the Promises as the Law directs and also to shew Cause why he (meaning the said John Milton) should not be discharged from your Petitioner and from the Indenture by which he was bound

That your Petitioner attended with his Witnesses at the Time and Place abovementioned when the aforesaid Burford Camper and John Sherwood Esqrs. did proceed to hear and examine the Matter of the said Complains and finding that the said John Milton had not returned to his Master after his Discharge from the House of Correction at Clerkenwell as aforesaid and that the pretended Complaint so made by the said John Milton was founded on a Charge of Facts protended to have been committed antecedent to the said Justices hearing examining and determining the said compliant first mentioned and their Commitment to Bridewell were inclined to dismiss and had dismissed the said Complaint and to order the said John Milton to return to his Master as in Law he [...] to do But the said John Milton then starting a new Matter of Complaint not mentioned in the Summons and as your Petitioner is advisor was not then before them but which your Petitioner was able by the most [...] have co [...] ted if he had Notice thereof and the sa [...] ed not been entered into by Surprise of [...] such as lay [...] House and [...] [...] from his service Day and Night without lease and particularly on the Eighth day of June las [...] [...] he Absented himself all Night of the said last mentioned day from his house without Your Petitioner [...] ve whereupon Your Petitioner caused him to be apprehended by a Peace Officer on the Ninth day ofn the said June and carried before the said John Sherwood Esqr. and Burford Camper Esqr. one other of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County and before them made Complaint upon Oath against the said John Milton touching and concerning the Misdemeanors Miscarriage and See Behaviour of the said John Milton in your Petitioners Service when the said Justices did hear examine and determine the same Complaint and did punish the said John Milton upon where finding out no greater Sum than Five Pounds was said by Commitment to the House of Correction there to be held to hard Labour for one Calendar Month Pursuant to the Statute in such made and provided from Whence he was not discharged untill the Second July then following and now last past when your Petitioner from Motives of Humanity only did apply for and obtain his Discharge before the Expiration of the Time for which he was committed never the less the said John Milton did not return to your Petitioners House but has since then totally absented himself therefrom and as your Petitioner is well informed and beleives has been detained by his Father in Law Anthony Woodland contrary to your Petitioners Consent and regardless of your Petitioners. repeated Demands of his return home under the Presence of the said John Miltons being so ill he could not be Safely moved which Pretence your Petitioner has reason to believe to be fallacious for upon your Petitioners making a Personal Demand of the said Anthony Woodland (at whose house he verily beleives the said John Milton was then concealed) the said Anthony Woodland told your Petitioner on his asking the Question that no Surgeon or Apothecary was employed and although your Petitioner gave the most solem [...] Assurance that he had as the Truth was provided a [...] and would employ an Apothecary and all other Assistance to Attend him and that all possible Care should be taken of him and desired the said John Milton might be produced and cautioned the said Anthony Woodland against detaining him yet your Petitioner was not permitted to see him not did the said John Milton return to your Petitioners House but absorted himself and regardless of repeated Directions to the contrary continued to absent himself totally from your Petitioners House and Business nor did your Petitioner of a Certainty know where he was concealed until on or about the Eleventh day of August last when he received a Note or Paper Writing appearing to be signed with the

Name

