To the Worshipful his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex at Hicks Hall [...] Session of the Peace Assembled.

The Humble Petition and appeal of Elizabeth Magson the Widow of William Magson Deceased.

Sheweth Your Petitioners Husband died in Ann in the latter and of the year 1774

That your Petitioner has Lodgd with one Mrs. Hopp of the Parish of Saint George Middlesex for upwards of three years and has always done her best Endeavours to get a Livelyhood but being deprived of her Husbands Assistance and being in great distress our Petitioner Applyed to the Officers of the Parish of Saint George for relief (her Husband having inform [...] her) that he was born there but your Petitioner was refus'd [...] your Petitioner Applyed to the Lord Mayor of the City of London who [...] your Petitioner to the said Parish of Saint George where your Petitioner Continued about three Months in the work house of the said Parish and then finding that she could get Work to do went out of the said Workhouse on her own Account your Petitioner was soon after taken Ill and Apply'd again to one of the Overseers of the said Parish of Saint George who sent her into the workhouse that your Petitioner was then examined by the Committe of the said Parish respecting her last legal Settlement when she inform'd them that her Husband was born in the said Parish of Saint George and that he never did any other Act or Deed to gain a Subsequent Settlement unless by her Renting a House at Portsmouth at the yearly Rent of £8 PAnnum for which she paid some Taxes but what Tax she knew not

That the Examination of your Petitioner concern her Settlement as aforesaid was put down in Writing but that she on [...] reading same declared that she never heard of her Husbands Father Mother ever keeping a House in Shadwell but inform'd them tha [...]

[...] now living at four month and desired in Order to get at the Truth of [...] Settlement to send to her but that was not Comply'd with

That your Petitioner sign'd the said Examination annes'd to said [...] being desired so to do though at the same time your Petitioner [...] that he said Examination was not right nor was she inform'd that the [...] to the said Pass Contain'd a reference where in your Petitioner was [...] and had been Apprenhended as such by one Thomas Lithgow one of the Beddles of the said Parish of Saint George

That your Petitioner on the 1st day of March last was [...] Smith said Work house to the House of the Reverend Mr. Mayo one of his Majesty's Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex where your Petitioner has been since inform'd that she was Charged before the said Justice of the said Thomas Lithgow with being a Vagabond (vizt.) Wandering abroad and [...] in the Open [...] in the said Parish of Saint George

That the said Reverend Mr. Mayo did not acquaint your Petitioner with the Charge made by the said Thomas Lithgow.

That your Petitioner was by the said Vagrant Pass forth with Convey'd by the said Thomas Lithgow from the said Parish of Saint Geo: to the said Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell and there delivered to one of the Overseers of the Poor.

That your Petitioner Lodg'd in the said Parish of Saint George three years and upwards preceding her being Convey'd from thence as aforesaid and never Wandered abroad and laid in the Open Air as stated that the said Pass nor committed any Petr. of vagrancy whatsoever either in the said Parish of Saint George or Elswhere but on the Contrary hath Constantly demean'd herself in a decent and reputable manner and never was in a Situation to be allowd under the Odious discription of a Vagabond

That your Petitioner conceives herself Aggrieved by the Act of the said Justice in having sign'd the before mentioned Pass declaring that your Petitioner had been Apprehened as a Vagabond and by your Petitioner having been convey'd as such out of the said Parish of Saint George to the said Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell.

Your Petitioner therefore them [...] to this Court again the Jacks [...] Act of the said Justice in pasing Signed [...] same And Humbly Prays your Worships will be Please to make such Order for the relief of your Petitioner in the Premisses as you shall seem meet And that you will be pleased appoint a day for the hearing and determining of the said Appeal

And your Petitioner will ever pray Etc.

