To the Worshipfull Bench of Justices Assembled at Hicks's Hall in Saint John Street

On Tuesday the 9th. day of April by Adjournment The Humble Petition of Henry Lamb now prisoner in Newgate

Sheweth That your Petionr was Tryed and found guilty by Jurors then in Court for Makeing an Attempt On the Body of Ann Blazdell and her Carnally to know agt. her Court all alledged.

Your Petienr. being taken into Custody a Little before last Febry. Session in which Sessions Your Petionr was Tryed an found Guilty.

Your Petionr humbly implores on the Worthy Bench to Take his unhappy Case into your Considerations as your Petionr. was taken at a very great Nonplus both for friends and money to Clear up that Point of Petionrs Innocency wch. was alledged to Your Petionrs. Charge

Your Petionr Most humbly Crases that out of your Ardent Love and tender Regard to the Distresses of the unhappy and Miserable to bouch safe him that Great relief that Lyes in your Worship Power.

Your Petionr being bred and born and Served an Apprenticeship regularly and faithfully and never Before had the Least thing laid to his Charge or in any wise Contrary to the Salutary Laws of his King and County and as this prosecution which was Carryed On against Your Petionr. merily arose thro A Peak of Jealousy batwixt Prosecutors Husband and Petionr. wch prosecution was urged on by Prosecutrix Husband against Petioner

Your Petionr when first taken up upon the Warrant Issued out upon the Bill being found in the Honble Court was Carryed to the House of Mr. Jones Constable where Prosecutrix's Husband came and hearing that Yr. Petionr had Bail comeing Declared

if he could not have his Revenge one way he, Sware a Robbery or something Else agt Your Petionr. But Petionr Shod. be in Goal or Words to that Effect.

Your Petionr was Applied to Before he Surrendred to take his Tryall in this Honble Court to give Mr. Hayward who Lives in before Road who Acts as an Attorney or Sollr. for Prosecutrix One Guinea, and a General Release before from Petionr and his Sister for afsd. Comitted by Prosecutors On them, but Your Petionr well knowing himself Innocent world not pretend to Stifle the prosecution, And for villianous people Swearing false cannot be helped

Your Petionr haveing a Helpless Sister who is Lame & whose Chief Support lyes upon your Petionrs honest Industry and Care your Petionr therefore most humble prays as he has Several Worthy people to Establish his Character, to be it into your great and Wise Considerason to Order your Petionr to any Other Sentence as in your great Judgemts. shall seem meet for if Petrs Stands in the Pillory must be the atter Rain of your Petionr.

Your Petionr Most Humble Beggs pardon for this freedom in Troubling the Bench but as Petionr is Very Young. hopes that the worthy Majestrates will take Petionr Case into Considerason so that Petionr. may be once more able become a fitt Member for Society And be Rendred Capable of Getting Bread for himself and his poor helpless Sister in an honest and Industrious way

And yr. Petionr. as in Duty bound will Ever Pray Etc

Henery Lamb

