To the Worshipfull William Mainwaring Esqr. and the Rest of his Majesties Justices of the peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Session of the Peace Assembled

The Humble Petition of John Sale Thos. Ransom Thos. Hartman Richd. Clarke, Thos Cooper, Henry Gray, John Lloyd, Christopher Townson, John Watly, Levy Soloman James Richards, Ricd. Miller, Richard William, Thos Ivers, John Wood, John Ragshaw Robert Broughton, Ricd. Noatly and Edward Flinn,

Humbly Sheweth That your petitioners, as on at the Sessions by the peace, held for the County of Middlesex, at the Sessions house for the sd. County. Convicted of being Rogues and Vagabonds, and Senmerd to be Imprisoned, in Clerkenwell Bridewell, Viz. John Tale, Thos. Ransom and Thos. Hartman for the term of two Years, and the rest of your petitioners for the term of Six Months.

That your Petrs. are most of them labouring men Some of them have been brought up to Trades, and were never Charged with any Guna, but that which they stand, Consider of and the punishment which they have already Recd, by Imprisonment And Nothing but the prison Allowance, to Subsistan, Will ever deter them from being found in the like Situation again,

That your petitioners conceiving. that after they were Convicted it was the Intention of your Worships, to have sent them into. his Majesties, Service, exsperting such a delivarance, they bore their Imprisonment patiently, but that the War being now at an and and a number of his Majesties, Ships paid off they Conceive that their deliverance. thro that means Cannot be Obtained. they therefore humbly hope. that your Worships, Will take their case into consideration and Rystor them their liberty. which if they can Once Obtain, they faithfully promise to be take themselves, to their Respective Labours, and Calings. and never more be found in bad Company and disorderly houses,

Humbly Sheweth That your Petitioners as [...] at the Sessions of the peace held for the County of Middlesex at the Sessions house for the Sd. County Convicted of being Vougurs and Vagabonds, and sentenced to be Imprisoned in Clerkenwell Bridewell, Viz. John Sale, Thos Ransom and Thos. Hartman for the term of two years, and the last of your petitioners for the term of Six Months

That your Petrs. are most of them labouring men [...] of them have been brought up to Trades; and were never Charged with any Cirma [...] but that which they Stand [...] Kenidia of and the Punishment which they haw already recd, by Imprisonment and Northing but the Prison allowance the Subsist on, Will ever them sum being found in the like Situation again,

That your, Petitioners conceiving that after they were Convicted it was the [...] Dntention of your Worships, to haw sent them inte. his Majesties, Service, executing such A [...] delivarance they bone this Imprisonment Patiently, but that the War being now at an and and a number of his Majesties, Ships said offr they Conceivs that their deliverance, this that means Carmat le obtained they therefor humbly hope that your Worships, will take their case into Considiration and Tyslore them their liberty. which if they can Once obtain, they faithfully premises to be take themsleves to their respective Labours, and Calings, and never more le found in Case Company and disorderly houses.

{And your [...] Jutris. as in duty bound will Over pray}

Ricd. Mills Rid. Williams Ths. Ivers Jon Wood John Rackstraw Robert Broughton Rid. Northy Edwd. Flinn Jas. Richards

John Pale Thomas Pearrson Thos Shortman Richd. Clarke Thos. Cooper Henry Gray John Lloyd Chris Townson John Watle Levy Soloman

