To the Right Worshipfull the Bench of Justices, Assembled at Hicks's Hall for the County of Middlex: Etc.

The humble Petition of Francis Lambert Prisoner in the House of Correction at Clerkenwell

Humbly Shweth Whereas, yor. Petitioner having had some Words with Ann his Wife on the 13th: Day of June last his said Wife in the midst of her Passion went to John Dodd, Church Warden of the Parish of St, Botolph, without Algate, to which, your Petitioner belongs telling the said John Dodd, she had quarrell,d with yor. Petitioner, and therefore desir'd to know, how, She Might be reveng,d on yor. Petitioner, to which, the said John Dodd, answer,d he would give her a shilling, & then he woud send yor. Petitioner to Proson for taking Alms, and being troublesome to yr. said Parish yor. Petitioner's wife having taken the smilling agreed on, the said John dodd made Oath, before william gore Esqr. that yor. Petitioner did run away from Ann his Wife & Child, and that he had been Chargeable to the Parish, an which Oath, your Petitioner was comitted to the House of Correction

The said John Dodd hath committed this notorious Fraud and Cheat an yor.Petitioner, out of a Design, to deprive him of the Rites and Benefits of the Parish

yor. Petitioner can prove, he. never yet receiv'd any Money from the said Parish, and can farther Prove, that he hath paid parochial Dutys, in

To the Worpll: the Charmain an [...] the resr of the Bench of Justice now sitting att Hicks Hall

The humble peticon of John wheeler

Sheweth. That yor. petr. onely acting as a Servant to another who had Submitted to this Honrable Court and payd his fyne yor. petr. Pleaded Guilly and this morning was Fyned by yor Worshipps there pounded

That yor Petr. depended upon Sevall persons to appeare before yor Worshppis in order to nitigate yor. petrs fyned but yor petr. being called into Court too goo [...] was Prorated of the same

That yor Petr as to the Fact is an [...] was And onely predated mischiefe and has a wife and Children and is a very poor man not being worth ten shillings in all the word being lately discharged by a had in the word pursuant to the same

Yor. poor Petr there fore Most humbly prays [...] Worshipps to take his me Lantholy Cass into yor. consderacon and sea to nitigate yor there Said Hyne as to yor Worpps wanted wife and good west swan seems meet

And yor p [...] r shall ever pray

