To the Worshipfull, William Mainwaring Esquire, President of the Quarter Session for the County of Middlesex, and to the Rest of his Brethren Justices attending the Honorable Court Etc

The humble Petition, of Wm. Phillips

Sheweth That your Worship's Petn. was Wednesday last Tryed, and Condemned To Six Months Imprisonements for an offence which he Commited Innocently And for which he is Sincierly Sorry, and Repentente.

That your Worship's Petn. Unquainted with any Illicit Trade And then Under the order of his Master; Though his duty was, to deffend the Property Confied to his Carer

That your Worship's Petn. was prompted to the said offence by the Many tricks Played by Sharpers in London, and the deputation of his Prosecution Chat [...] Prosecution of said [...]

That your Worships Petn. is a young Country Lad, who at home As well as in London, did allwais gett his Livelihood by an industrious, and Honest Servitude, in Virtue of which Some Gentleman of Responsible, Character, have by humanity Sign this Petn. in his Behalf, and your worship's Petr. humbly Represent, that if Confined, Confounded in a prison it will undubitely Put an End to his unhappy Existance

Therefore your worship's Poor Petn. M [...]

Thomas. Evans

And for which he is Sincierly Sorry, and Repentents.

That your worship's Petn. Unaquainted with any Illicit Trade And then Under the order of his Master; Though his duty was, to deffend the Property Confied to his Carer.

That your worship's Petn. was prompted to the Said offence by the Mary tricks Ployed by Sharpers in London, and the deputation of his Prosecution Chat [...] Prosecution of said [...]

That your Worships Petn. is a young Country Lad, who at home As well as in London, did allwais gett his Livelihood by an industrious, and Honest Servitude, in Virtue of which Some Gentleman of Responsible, Character, have by humanity Sign this Petn. in his Behalf, and your worship's Pet. humbly Represent, that if Confined, Confounded in a prison it will undubitely Put an End to his unhappy Existance

There Fore your worship's Poor Petn. Most humbly Prays That his unfortunate lase may be late into your worship's Most Tender Consideration and that by Some Leni [...] nt Measure, your worship's Unbounded humanity May Advert the fatal Strocke of Death by Confinement, to [...] Life of Liberty and Eternal Gratitude.

And your Worship's Petn. as in duty bound Shall Ever Pray's

James Gastineace Prosecutor having no Objution to the above Petition

Thomas. Evans John Dover Chrise. Wharton Ralph Walker Wm. Newby Jame. Weale Henry Bent [...] ler Richd. Askton James Young Thos. Scotland Eliz. Stephens Thos. Garnet

House Keeper

