To the Worshipful his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County of Middlesex assembled at the General Session holden at Clerkenwell Green in and for the said County of Middlesex on the Twenty ninth day of November in the 37th. year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Said by the Grace of God of Great Britain Frances and Ireland King defender of the Faith Etc.

The humble Petition of Paul Reuben Tomkins of Queen Street near Golden Square in the County of Middlesex Copperplate printer

Sheweth That by Indenture bearing date the 11th. day of May in the year of our Lord 1793 John Horrod the younger Son of John Horrod the elder of Milford Lane in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes in the said County of Middlesex by and with the Consent and approbation of his said Father bound himself Apprentice to your petitioner to learn his Art and Mistery of a Copperplate printer and with him after the manner of an Apprentice to said from the day of the date thereof unto the full end and Ten of Seven years, During which Term the said Apprentice your petitioner was faithfully to serve, his lawful Commands every where gladly do, and not absent himself to your petitioner Service day or night unlawfully, but in all things as faithful Apprentice should behave himself to your petitioner during the said Tern as by such Indentures will appear

That the said John Horred the Younger in Pursuance of such Indenture came to live and reside with your Petitioner upon the day of the date of the said Indentures of Apprentiship as his Apprentices.

That in a about the Month of August last your Petitioners dwelling house being laid open by reason of the adjoining House being pulled down your Petitioner and his Wife and Children were obliged to take a temporary Lodging at Chelsea and to sleep there until the said adjoining House should be rebuilt, but nevertheless your Petitioners Business still continued to be carried on in his said dwelling house in Queen Street aforesaid, where your Petitions, continued with his Journeymen and Apprentices every day in the conduding and managing his said Business, and where his apprentices still continued on Lodge.

That your Petitioners Property being much exposed by means of the party Wall being pulled dour, your Petitioner gave strict orders to his said Apprentice in the absence of your petitioner to stay at home and not absent himself from your Petitioners said dwelling house. that notwithstanding your Petitioners order the said John Horrod the Younger left the said dwelling House one Evening in the month of September last and Locked up the Street door without your Petitioners leave, and upon your, Petitioners Return home about Eight o'clock in the same Evening he found the Street door Cocked and no person within the said Dwelling house That your Petitioner after waiting some time at the Street door, and not being able to get admittance thereat, after [...] got into his said dwelling house this the temporary Horde erected in front of the adjacent House, and found a Candle which had been left burning by his said Apprentice. That your Petitioners continued in his said dwelling house after he had so got in as aforesaid until half past Eleven

O' Clock, and the said John Horrod the younger did not return thereto until the said half past Eleven o' Clock. That the said John Horrod the younger was absent during the whole of that Evening without the licence or consent of your Petitioner and contrary to the directions given to him as aforesaid.

That the said John Horrod the younger has been guilty of divers other Misdemeanors at different Times in the Service of his Apprentiship and particularly by being indolent negligent and careless in the Work which your Petitioner hath directed him to do, in disobeying your Language to your Petitioner, and otherwise Misbehaving Himself contrary to the Statute in such Case made and provided.

Your Petitioner therefore humbly prays your Worships that you will be Pleased to carse such due Correction and Punishment to be administered unto the said John Horrod the younger as to your wisdom and disoretion shall seem meet, or that your Worships will make such other order herein as your Worships shall think proper

And your Petitioner shall ever pray Etc.

P. R. Tomkins

