To the Right Houour able Sin Richard House knt. Lord Mayor of the City of London And the Rest of the Worshipfull the Aldermen his Breshren Assembled at the General Session of Gaol Delivery of Newgate held for the City of London and County of Middlesex

The Humble Petition of Mary Robinson Widow a Prisoner confined in Newgate.

Humbly Sheweth That your Petitioner on the Eighth day of August was committed a Prisoner to the Prison of Newgate by St: Thomas Deveil Knight a Copy of Which Committment is as followeth to wit Middlesex to wit To the Keeper of his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate on his Deputy Whereas Divers Informations upon Oath have this day been made before before me one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex by Mr. Richd. Holland and others purporting that a Woman now present who Calls herself by the name of Mary Robinson Widow hath procured one George Taylor to personate the said Richard Holland in Order to Marry her and further purporting for that purpose the said Mary Robinson did falsly procure a Lycence out of the arch Bishops office to be Married to the said Richd Holland and that in Order to obtain such Lycence the said Mary Robinson did make the Usual affidavit in that case that she was under a Contract of Marriage to the said Richard Holland Whereas it plain appears the was under no Contract of Marriage to the [...] said Richard Holland and for that such Marriage was accordingly had between the said George Taylor and Mary Robinson Under the Colour of the said Lycence the said George Taylor there upon taking upon himself the Name of and personating the said Richard Holland and further purporting that such Marriage was So had in Order that in Case the said Richard Holland Should Dye Intestate the said Mary Robinson might under the Colour of being [...] his Widow be thereby Intituled to the Administration of his Effect [...]

and further purporting that the said Richard Holland by reason of the said promisses goes in Manifest Danger of his Life These are therefore in his Majestys Name to will and require you the said Keeper to receive into Your Custody the Body of the said Mary Robinson and her Safely keep (for want of Sureties) Untill Discharged by due Course of Law Given under my Hand and Seal this 8th. day August 1746 Thos. Deveil [...]

Yor Petitioner therefore humbly Craves of this Honourable Court to be at this present Session of Gaol Delivery of Newgate to be Tryed Bailed or Discharged and yor Petr shall pray Etc

Mary Robinson

