To the Right Honble. Sr. Robt. Ladbroke Knt. Lord Mayor of the City of London and to the next of the Worshipfull Aldermen his Brethren in their General Sessions of Goal Delivery of Newgate Assembled.

The humble Petition of Elizabeth the Wife of Thomas Waters and Thomas Bennett.

Humbly Sheweth. That your Petitioner Thomas Bennett being bound in a Recognizance of that your Petitioner Elizabeth the Wife of Thomas Waters should prosecute the Law with Effect against one Elizabeth Wife of James Murphy for Stealing Goods out of the house of said Thomas Waters too the Value of 5s. and upwards.

That according to the Tenor of the said Thos. Bennetts Recognizance your Petitioner Elizabeth Waters did preferr a Bill of Indictment against the said Eliz: Murphy for the Felony aforesaid at the Quarter Sessions held at the Court House near Westmr. Hall, and which said Bill was returned by the Grand Jurors, a true Bill and Accordingly was remitted to the Sessions House in the Old Bayley there to be tryed.

That your Petitioner Elizabeth Waters being intirely Ignorant as to things of this nature (never being in any Trouble before) did not Attend the Sessions of Goal Delivery of Newgate till about 10' o Clock in the Forenoon of the Wednesday which was the first Day of the Sessions (living as far as Westmr.) and then finding herself in an Error that the Prisoner Elizabeth Murphy was discharged (being first called) And that the said Thos. Bennetts Recognizance was ordered to be Estreated.

Therefore your Petitioners Elizabeth Waters and Thos. Bennett most humbly pray that your Lordship would take their Case into Consideration and order that your Petr. Thos. Bennetts Recognizance may be discharged, being he only entered into the same She being a married Woman, and her husband being very ill, or give such other or further Relief in the Premes as to your Lordship shall seem meet.

And your Petr. (as in duty bound) shall pray Etc.

the mark of Elizabeth [x] Waters.

Bennett

