Middx ss To the Worshipfull [...] Edward Barker Esqr. Chairman & to the real of the Worshipfull Bench now Sitting at Hicks hall Etc

The humble Petition of Richard Sanders now a prisoner in Birdewell upon the peace Sworne by Hath Sanders his Wife

Sheweth that your petr. being by his Said wife Indicted at ye Sessions of the peace held at Guild ball in & for the [...] City of London & your petr. heareing that a warrt was granted there upon agt. your petr. your petr. or Fryday the 31st. of March Last putt in bail before (Andrews Orsborn Esqr. one of his Magtes Justice of the peace for the County of Midds) to the Said Indictment to appear & plead the then next Sessions fellowing there to but on Munday the 3d. day April following the Said Katherine Sanders caused your petr. to be Arrested upon warrt of the peace and Carried before Mr Justice Manly who Committed your petr. in Bridewell for want of Sureties and att ye last Sessions of the peace held at Hicks hall in & for the County of Middx your petr. was Referred to the Said Justice Manly Siller to bail or Discharge your petr. as he Should think fill that Upon Some difference were depending at Law between the said Justice Manly and your Petr. the said Justice refused to Discharge your Petr. or accept of Such bail as your petr. had Altho your Petr. applyed by Letter for that purpose

Your petr. therefore most humbly Implores your Worships that your worships would be plesed to Order your petr. to be brought up this day before your worships that he may be discharged by the Court upon the Notice given to the Said Katherine Sanders or Munday last for that purpose unless the car Shew Law full cause to the Cantrary she likewise visiting your petr Every day without Any bad consequence therefore is tis Obvious yr. the cannot be an danger of her life for it the was the wood avoid ye the Instrument & goe a Contrary way therefore most humbly relying upon your Worships great Judgmt. and Known goodness & Clemenney in give Such relief in the primesses as in your Worship great Judgmt. Shall Seem Meet

And as induty bound your petr. Shall & will for Ever pray Etc

Mr. Sanders

