To the Worshipfull his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex at their General [...] Quarter Sessions of the Peace at Hick's Hall in St. John Street in and for the said County assembled

The Humble Petition of the Church Warden and Overseers of the Poor of the Liberty of Saffron Hill Hatton Garden & Ely Rents in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn in the sd. County of Middlesex

Sheweth That Wm. Beech of Hatton Wall in the Liberty of Saffron Hill Hatton Garden & Ely Rents Tiresmith is Substantial Householder in the said Liberty and hath been so for several Years Past and during all the time he hath so been hath has & Carryed & still hath and Carrys on a very Considerable Business in the Way of his Trade of a Tiresmith and hath gotten Considerably thereby

That Susanna Beech the Mother of the sd Wm. Beech who is very poor and Indigent and by reason of her great Age and Infirmities unable to support and maintain herself was maintained for some Years past untill the 14th. day of July 1749 or thereabouts by & at the sole Charge of the said Wm. Beech her Son who is in affluent Circumstances and Capable as your Petitioners verily beleives of Maintaining his said Mother

That on or about the sd. 14th day of July 1749 the said Wm. Beech having ceased & Positively refused to maintain and Contribute toward the maintaining of his said Mother She became chargeable to the then Church Warden & Overseers of the Poor [---] and Inhabitants of the said Liberty in their said Liberty's Work house and hath been ever since & is now there maintained at the charge of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty.

That in or about the January Sessions 1749 the then Church Warden and Overseers of the Poor of the said Liberty applied by Petition to this Court that the sd. Wm. Beech might be Compelled by Order of this Court to make & allow such a Weekly or Monthly Allowance for the Subsistence of his sd. Mother as to this Court Should seem meet

That thereupon It was Ordered by this Court that the said Wm. Beech should attend this Court on the Thursday then next to shew Cause why he should not at his own Costs & Charges releive and maintain his said Mother in Ease of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty.

That the sd. Wm. Beech being served with the said Petition & Order applied to of his own voluntary Accord & agreed with Mr. Cox the sd. Petitioners then Sollr. to Pay 3s. P week for the Maintenance of his sd. Mother from the Time she was taken into the Work house till that time & for the future so long as she should remain therein and did accordngly pay to the late Overseers of the Poor of the sd. Liberty Three Pounds eighteen Shillings for one half Year's Maintenance after the Rate of 3s. P week according to his sd. Agreemt. But now refuses to Pay or Contribute at all to wards her Maintenance

That the said Wm. Beech being of sufficient Ability as afsd. and capable of maintaining his said Mother ought as your Petrs. are advised to provide for her in ease of the other Inhabitants of the sd. Liberty.

Joshua Cox Sollr for the Petrs. [---] Therefore your Petitioners humbly pray that the sd. Wm. Beech may be Compelled by Order of this Court to make & allow such Weekly or Monthly Allowance fro the subsistance of his sd. Mother as this Court in that Behalf shall jude Proper to be made.

