To The Worshipfull Thomas Lane Esqr and The rest of the Worshipfull Justices of the Bench now sitting at Hicks Hall at the Generall Quarter Sessions held There.

The Humble Peticon of John Sevat apprenticed to George Engell brock -westerken . of the parish of Saint Quarter in the Fields in the County of Middlesex Seweler.

Sheweth That your Petioner was bound by Indenture An apprentice to the said George Engell breckt westerken; bearing date the Eleventh day of December which was In the [...] Seventh Year of the reign of the now King for the space and Term of Seven year to condned from the Twenty fifth day of March one Thousand Seven Hundred and Thirty Three, by which said Indre the said George Engellbreck Westecken was bound the find Unto your Peticoner sufficient meat drink [...] and Lodging to Eat with his Said Master at his Table, and also To Instruct and Learn your Peticoner his Trade art and Mittery of a Jeweller to the Besh of his power, In Consideration your Peticoners Father having advanced [...] his said Master Forty pounds with your Peticoner;

That your Peticoner hath been severall Times since he was bound Gross by and barborously beat and be used by his said Master In a Cruell Manner without provocation and that his said Master hath not Instructedand [...] to be Instructed and Taught his said Business but ording to the Teker of his [...]

That your Peticoners said Master doth seldom work him helf nor Keep of there to ceech for him or other wise to Learn and Instruct your Peticoner In the said Business of a Jeweller neither hath he business the doe.

That Your Peticoners said Master Generally Yads out in a Morning and doth not Cause home till might and Leaves your Peticoner nothing to doe. for sometime

That Your Peticoner hath had very Little or answer to doe in hid Trade for about a year Last path and In Particular for Three Months last past hath done nothing at all in his Trade or any person to Instruct him whereby Your Peticoner Can not he Instructed and Learned his said Trade Unless discharged from his said after and Instructed by another Master who has more Trade and [...] business for that your Peticoners master business will never Learn him his Trade

Your Peticoner Therefore Most humbly prays that your Worshipps will be pleased to frant him an Order of This Honble Court for his said master to attend your Worshipps and shew cause why your Peticoner should nott be discharged from his said Master for the reasons afforsd. and why his said Master shall not return to your Peticoners Father the Forty pounds or so much of it as to your Worships shall seem meet for the resons aforesaid and your Peticoner as in duty bound shall ever pray and to forth.

John Levaw

