To the Worshipful the Justices of the County of Middlesex in their General Session assembled

The humble Petition of Peter Weldon

Sheweth That your Petitioner on or about the 17th. day of April 1759 was bound Apprentice to one Francis Tustin than of Tooley Street Southwark Jeweller who Soon after taking up his Freedom in the City of London your Petr. was again bound to him according to the Custom of the said City.

That sd. Francis Tustin using yor. Petr. extremely ill by not allowing him sufficient Meat Drink and Cloathing which he ought to have done according to the tenor of his Indenture & by other cruel Treatment towards your Petr. & in particular by frequently absenting himself from his House & making no Provision for your Petitioner your Petr. was under the Necessity of applying for Relief & accordingly about the end of Decr. 1760 did apply to the Mayors Court & it appearing to the Court that yor. Petr. had been very ill used & that Tustin occupied no Shop or Room within the City or the Liberties thereof the Court was on the 6th. day of Febry 1761 pleased to order that Petr. should be wholly discharged from the said Francis Tustin of the remainder of the Term of his Apprenticeship

That after your Petr. was discharged as aforesaid he (not being able to get himself turned over to Another Master) obtained Employment from different persons for his Support which the said Tustin discovering he in order to oppress & injure your Petr. as for as in him lay threatned & still doth threaten to commence Actions agt. the persons who have employed your Petr. alledging that Petr. is still his Apprentice by virtue of the first Indenture & because yor. Petr. refused to live wth. him after his Discharge by the Mayor's Court as aforesaid had several times apprehended your Petr. and taken him before different Magistrates as an id [...] disorderly Apprentice & still insists on his serving him & threatens to prosecute your Petr. for refusing So to do.

Your Petitioner therefore most humbly prays yor. Worships to take this Matter into Consideration & to discharge him from the said Francis Tustin by virtue of the first Indenture & to grant your Petr. such further relief in the Premisses as to your Worships shall seem meet

And yor. Petr. (as in duty bound) shall ever pray Etc

P. Weldon

