The King agt Noyes} On a Conviction under the Statute 10th Geo. 3d C. 18th. for stealing a Dog on the Prosecution of John Stephens.

18th October 1773 To Sir John Hawkins Knight [---] Chairman and the rest of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace now holding the General Quarter Session of the Peace at Hicks Hall in and for the County of Middlesex.

The Humble Petition & Appeal of the Defended Richard Noyes

Sheweth That Your [...] Appellant in the month of August last, and for some considerable time before, was coachman to Beaumont Esqr who then and for several Months before, had Lodgings at the Dwelling house of John Stephens (the Prosecutor) at Hampton Wick, where Your Appellant used frequently to Report with his sd Master

That the sd Prosecutor is a Farmer, and Reeps a great Number of Dogs

That in the latter End of the sd Month of August last, Your Appellant was at his sd Master's Lodgings at the Prosecutor's sd House; & in returning to London in the Evening on Horseback, a Young Puppy, called a Lurcher (which was familiarized to your Appellant by having resided so many Months at the sd prosecutor's sd House) followed your Appellant which he did not Perceive free he had Passed Teddington ; when he Endeavoured to drive the Dog back, by throwing Stones at him, and chlding him; however the Dog lurking behind & being an willing to go home,came Freeking after Your Appellant & when Your Appellant had reached Twickenham; the Dog came up to him again of his own Accord wch your Appellant observing, & their king that the Dog might be lost, if he was attempt to drive him back any more he then suffered the Dog to follow him to Town, and tied him up in his Stables in [...] Murlborough News till Your appellant should return [...] to the prosecutors said House; which he expected to do, on the then following Monday, and so your appellant told several Coachmen belonging to the sd Yard or News & always declared to them that the sd Dog was not your Appellants, but the Prosecutor's & that he took care of the Dog in order to Deliver him safe to the Prosecutor as afsd

That in the Forenoon of the Day, in wch your appellant expected to go to the Prosecutor's sd House; he the Prosecutor, & one James Howard came to Your appellants Stables, & found the Dog tied up and there upon without

hearing what Your Appellant had to offer, as a Reason for the Dog's being there, Immediately resorted to Sir John Fieldings for a Warrant, & caused your appellant to be taken up & carried before Sir John Fielding & Thos Hynston Esqr, Two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in & for the sd County without Permitting Your appellant to get his witnesses to go with his; when and where Your appellant was upon the Oaths of John Stephens, and Robert Howard, convicted for unlawfully Stealing a Dog on the 25th. Day of Augt then last at the Parish of Hampton wick in the sd County of Middx from the sd John Stephens the Owner thereof agt. the Statute in that case made & Provided & so forfeit the seem of £20

That your Appellant well knowing that the Conviction was unjust and that he was able to prove,that he had no Intention of Stealing the sd Dog, or to defect the sd Jno. Stephens of his Right and Property in the sd Dog; he did refuse to Pay the sd Sum of £20, although Demanded so to do by the sd last mentioned Justices, where upon the same Justices Committed Year appellant to the House of Correction at Clerkenwell for the Space of Six Calendar Months

That by a Clause contained in the sd Statute, Your appellant (thin king himself aggrieved by the sd Conviction, & order of Committment [...] is empowered to appeal to your Worships who are thereby likewise [...] Empowered to hear,& finally Determine, the Causes,& Matters of this [...] Appeal, in a Summary way; & Award such Costs to Your appellant as You shall think proper

Therefore, and for as much as Your Appellant thinks himself aggrieved by means of the sd Premes; he humbly hopes, Your worships will grant him such Relief therein as the Nature of him Case Requires; and for as much as the sd. Conviction, or Order of Committment are in themselves repugn Contradictory & want Form Etc that the same may be Quashed

Richard Noyes W:

