To the Right Worshipfull his Majesty's Justices of the Peace For the County of Middlesex in their General Session of the Peace Assembled.

The humble Petition of Henry Jaffray of the Parish of Saint Martin in The Fields in the said County Glover and Undertaker.

Sheweth That by Indenture dated 26th. March 1751 Benjamin Grover one of the Children of the Gray Coat Hospital of the Royal Foundation of Queen Ann in the Parish of St. Margaret Westminster and County of Middlesex was bound Apprentice to your Petitioner For 7 Years And your Petitioner thereupon bonafide reced Seven Pound Charity Money as an Apprentice Fee.

That according to said Indenture your Petitioner took the said Benjamin Grover into his Service from which soon after he came (thos- indulged as a Child rather than a Servant) he frequently closed and absented himself in the Day time and otherwise greatly misbehaved.

That your Petitioner not taking those Methods justifiable by Law and which his said Apprentice deserved has emboldened him to abscond often from your Petitioners service as well by Night as by Day.

That particularly on the 26th. December last your Petitioners said Apprentice went away and did not return till he was brought Home by a Relation of his own on the 20th February instant and during such Absence he has associated with Comon prostitutes and Theives and also gone in your Petitioners Name both to Strangers and others with whom your Petitioner has Dealings and taken up Goods to a considerable Amount which he converted to his own Uses.

That under these Circumstances your Petitioner could not safely take his said Apprentice back into his House and therefore had him before the Worshipfull Benjamin Cox Esqr. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for this County who was pleased upon Hearing and Examining your Petitioners Complaint of the Hardships aforesaid to Comit said Grover to the House of Correction at Clerkenwell to abide the Further Order of this Court.

Your Petitioner therefore humbly Prays That your Worships will be pleased to take his case into Consideration and Discharge the said Apprentice from your Petitioners Service or Grant Your Petitioner such Relief in the Premises as to your Worships shall seem meet.

And your Petitioners as in Duly bound shall ever Day & cd.

Henry Jaffray

