To the Right Wopll: the Justices of the Peace at Hicks Hall.

The humble Peticon of Ann Askew Spinster.

Sheweth That your Peticoner about Nine years ago was taken into the Service of one Elizabeth Grundy Widdow: Who (after your Petr: had remained in her Service about four years & having made a Will departed this Life: of which said will she made out of the Layet Executter and des [...] him by the sd will to take Charge of your Petr: & sover your Petr: placed forth Apprentice & to provide Cloaths for your Petr: during the Term of your Petr: Apprentiship: And that the said Elizabeth Grundy left a sufficient Sum of money in the hands of the said Archibald Lovet to be applied to the purposes aforesaid, besides a Legacy of Forty pounds to be paid to your Petr: at her age of One & Twenty Years: That afterwards your petr. was bound by Indentures of Apprentiship unto the said Archibald Lovet for seven years, (he there by intending to make an Advantage of the Trust reposed in Sum (with you respect to your Peticoner) by the said Will) By which Indentures the said Archibald Lovet was obliged to teach or cause to be taught your Petr: the Arts of making gold and silver Lace and to wain and March all Sorts of Dressing, and to find your Peticoner Cloaths during the Term of your Peticoners Apprentiship, And for these purposes your Peticoner was presently twoned over to the said Archibald Lovets Daughter Katherine; But your Peticoner [...] hath served five years and a half of her time and hath been taught nothing of the Gold and Silver Trade and for a year and half past hath done nothing, at all in the said Busineses to which the was bound but has been sent abroad by the said Archibald Lovets Daughter ontg to do housework; That yor. Petr: for almost three years has been forced to eye on the ground and besides most cruel and unreasonable Correction Many times the said Archibald Lovet & his said Daughter have neglected to provide for your Petr. Necessary Apparrell being contracy to the true meaning of the said Will and Indentures

Your Peticoner there fore humbly prays that your Wops would be pleased to Comiserate her miserable Usage so contrary to Contract and all Reason. And to be pleased to order that the may have Redress in the Premisses & be totally Released form her said Bondage.

And your Peticoner shall Ever Pray Etc.

