To the Rt Worpll. his Maties: Justices of the peace for the County of Middx in their Genll. Quarter Sessions Assembled.

The Humble Peticon & Appeal of Thomas Horluck a white Smith

Sheweth That by an Order under the hands & Seales of Nicholas Jeffreys and Thomas Thayer Esqrs. two of his Maties. Justices of the Peace for the County of Middx (Quor unus) inhabiting in or near the Parish of St Andrew Holborne above the Barrs in the said County bearing date the 16th Day of November last Your Petr. is adjudged the reputed Father of a male Bastard child born in the said parish on the Body of Ann Twelves single woman on the 17th of January last.

That there by the sd Justices did Order that yor Petr. should forth with pay or cause to be paid unto the then Churchwarden & Overseers of the poor of the said parish or to some or one of them the Sume of twelve shillings & six pence by the week for the first four weeks from the birth of the said child for & towards the months Lying in and laying of the said Ann Twelves of the said Male Bastard child.And further that your Petr. should after the expiracon of the first four Weeks pay or cause to be paid Weekly & every Week the Sume of two shillings & six pence of Lawfull money of Great Britain for & towards she releif & maintenance of the sd Male Bastard child for so long time as She sd child should be chargeable to the said Parish of St Andrew Holborn above the Barrs in the sd County of Middx

And lastly that your Petr should put in security for the performance of the sd Order or to appear at the next Gen Quarter Sessions of the peace to be held for the said County then & there to abide such Order as the Justices or the Major part of them should make in the prmises.

That yor Petr. thinks himself aggreived by the Judgmt. of the sd two Justices of the Peace Appeals to this Court against the same and humbly prays that your Worships will be pleased to appoint a Day to hear and determine the same

And yor Petr. shall pray Etc

Thomas Horluck

