To the Worshipfull the Chairman & the rest of his Majesties Justices of the peace for the County of Middx in General Session Assembled

The Appeal of Walter Allanson

Humbly Sheweth That whereas by an Order under the Hands and Seals of the Rt. Honoble George Earl of Kinnoull and John Goodchild Esqr. two of his Majesties Justices of the peace for the said County of Middx (whereof One is of the Quorum) bearing date the thirteenth day of August last past made on the Oath of Elizabeth Blackman

That the sd. Allanson had begotten on the Body of the sd. Eliza. Blackman A Male Bastard Child which sd. Child was become chargeable to the parish of Sunbury [---] in the said County of. Middlesex and thereupon the sd. Justices did adjudge the sd. Allanson to be the reputed Father of the sd. Male Bastard Child.

And thereupon the sd. Justices Order that the sd. Allanson shod. pay or cause to be paid unto the Church Wardens or Overseers of the poor for the time being off the said parish of Sunbury for and towards the Months lying In and leying of the said Elizabeth Blackman the Sum of Ten Shillings by the Week for the first four Weeks to be computed from the Birth of the sd. Child and after the Expiration there of the said Allanson should pay or cause to be paid the Sum of her Shillings Weekly towards the Maintainance of the sd Male Bastard Child for so long time as the sd. Child Shod. be chargeable to the sd. Parish

And did further Order that the sd. Allanson should forthwith give Security to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the said Parish of Sumbury for the true performance of the sd. Order

That the sd. Walter Allanson apprehending himself to be agreived by the Judgments & determination of the said Two Justices touching the said Order doth humbly Appeal therefrom to this Court

And prays that You would Be pleased to afford him Such relief in the premisses as to your Worships in Your Judgment shall think meet

And Your Appellant as in Duty bound shall ever pray Etc

Wm. Keate Agent for the appellant

