To the Honble: & Worshipfull his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middssx: in their General Sessions Assembled

The humble Peticon of Mr Josias Nicholson & Copartners Common Brewers in the Parish of St Allhallows the Great Thames Street London

Sheweth, That by an Act of Parliament made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of our late most Gracious Sovereign Lady Queen Ann Intit'led An Act for Granting to her Majesty Dutys Upon Malt, Mum, Cyder & Perry, for the Service of the Year 1713, Etc a.

It is amongst other things Enacted, That From & After the Three & Twentieth day of June 1713 And after the Duty by the said Act Imposed on Malt is paid or Socur'd to be paid by the Malster If any Quantity of Malt shall Unfortunately happen to be Destroyed by Fire by the Burning of the Malt House Granary or other Place where the Same shall be made or kept It shall & may be Lawfull for the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Malt so Perishing to make Proofe thereof by Two Credible Witnesses on Oath & of his her or their having Paid or given Security to pay the said Duty before the Justices of the Peace of the County Riding or Division where such Accident shall happen at the next General Quarters Sessions to be held for such County Riding or Division (who are thereby Impowerd to Give Certificates under their Hands & Seals of such Loss) Upon producing of which Certificate to the Officer Appointed to Collect the said Duty he shall be Obliged to Repay or Allow to the said Proprietor or Proprietors so much of the said Duty as shall have been by him or them paid for the Quantity of Malt prov'd to have sd Perish'd or been Destroy'd as Aforesaid

651 2rs is. 5408 Bush [...] 386 2rs. is. 3088 Bush at 6d P Bushell amounts to as below And further Sheweth That a Fire happening in East Smithfield in the Parish of St. Buttolph Aldgate on the Twenty First of March last about Two in the Morning Yor. Petitioners having a Ware house or Granary there for keeping Malt the sd. Granary was Burnt & the Malt therein contain'd was either Destroyed or Damaged Amounting to 651 Quarters Destroyd and 386 Quarters Damag'd The whole 1037 Quarters at £28 P Quarter Amounts to £1451:16:0 Note the duty of of the aforesaid malt is included in the price amounting to £207 [...] 8s-0d

That Yor. Petitioners being the Proprietors of the said Malt so Destroyed humbly Conceives that they are Reliveable by the Pact of Parliamt. and Ought to be Repaid or Allow'd the Duty paid for the Same but cannot Intitle themselves thereto unless this Court will be pleas'd to Grant a Certificate as the said Act Directs

That Yor. Peticoners are Ready to make such Proofe of their Loss as by the said Act is Required

The Duty of the Destroy'd £130.4.o: The Duty of the Damaged 77.4.0 207:8:0 And therefore humbly Prays that a Certificate therefore may be given to them According to Yr Direction of the said Act.

And Yor. Peticoners shall ever Pray Etc a

