To the Worpfull his Mats. Justices of the peace at their Generall Quarter Sessions of the peace holden for the County of Middx at Hicks Hall the 14th of October 1717. P Adjourmnt.

The humble Memoriall of Thomas Richards on the behalf of the Inhabitts. of the Liberty of St. Albans in the County of Hertford.

Sheweth That it was the Opinion of the Justices at Hicks Hall at Michaelmas Sessions 1716 that the Constables in Middx ought to convey Vagrants through the County of Middx & not leave them in Chipping Barnett at all; And the Court then agreed that those wch came towards St. Albans should be convey'd to Ridge, but still they continue to leave them at Barnett.

The same was likewise the Opinion of the Justices for the Liberty of St. Albans & at Christmas Sessions last they order'd that the Constables of Chipping Barnett should not entertain any such Vagrants for the future; & that if Middx Constables did leave any there, they should [...] forthwith convey'd to Mimes Side of Barnett in Middx.

That the Constables of Chipping Barnett indeed doe observe the Order of Sessions for the said Liberty, & the last Constable of Mimes Side hath perform'd his part, but the prsent Constable gave us great Disturbance, because (as he prtends) he knows not how he shall be paid his Charges, altho severall Justices (by what I understand) had given him their words that he should be reimbursed.

To lay this fewd, I also sent him a Letter that I my self would reimburse him, if they did not, upon certain Condicons therein mencoed, the Copy whereof is annext, till such time as the Justices mett to settle the same; but he not only refused those Conditons, but abused me for my kind proffer, telling me that that proposicon was made only to Saddle this matter upon him, wth (God knows my heart) was not the Least in my Thoughts.

And now, to mend the matter, he conveys them to Phillips a Constable of Ridge parish who lives about 2. Miles from Ridge Town, & a considerable way out of the Main Road; whereas according to the Letter of the Statute of the 12th. of Queen Ann he should convey them to Ridge Town, where is a proper Officer to receive them; Nay, severall have been sent to Phillips from Southmimes Town, wch is above 2. Miles back again.

So that as this Affair is managed there are no less than 4. Shiftings & Reliefs in as M [...] Space; Twice in the Liberty, once in Middx, & once in the County of Hertford, wch is a Shame, & contrary to the Design of the Statute.

May it please yor. Worpst!

I Know no way to redress this Grievance, but that the Court would be pleased to accept of my Proposicon pursuant to the first Order of the Liberty Justices at Christmas Sessions 1715. a Copy whereof is annext, upon wch yor. Order of Reference is grounded, wch did not answer the Design & is likewise annext, as is also the Last Order made at St. Albans.

Or else that yor. Worps would be pleased to transferr yor. Establishmt. of £40 P Ann from Southmimes Constable to me; & altho I think it is a very Scanty Allowance, yet I will undertake to convey them from St. Albans to Barnett, wthout halting at Mimes, & from Barnett through Middx wch way soever their passes direct them, whether upwards or downwards wthout putting yor. County to any further Charge or Trouble about it. This (if yor. Worps please to entrust me wth) I [...] hope to manage to yor. Satisfaccon & Content; & submitt it wholly to the Judgmt. of the Court, who am wth all Submission

And if yor. Worps please to order me to be paid Quarterly, I dare venture to convey such as are not able to goe on foot from London too to Barnett at 18d. p head.

Yor. Worps Most Obedt. Servt. Tho: Richards.

See the Copies of the Orders & Letter on the backside.

