To the Right Worshipfull his Majesty's Justices for the County of Middlesex in their General Sessions Assembled

She numble Petition of Thomas Stevens

Sheweth That your Petitioner became bound an Apprentice by Indenture or Article in Writing bearing date the Second day September in the Year 1733 for the Term of 7 Years to Johann Gabriel Robe of the Parish of Saint Andrews Holborn in the County of Middlesex Watch Chaser to learn his Art

That your Petitioners Father gave with your said Petr. The time of £27: 6: to his said Mar. Johann Gabriel Robe And that your Petioners said Master is gone of & has been absent ever since the 4th. of July last & as your sd. Petr. has been informed by his Mistress the said Johann Gabriel Robe's Wife that your Petrs. said Master is gone to Bed in Pussia & Knows not when or ever his said Master will return

That your Petitioner's said Mistress since the Absence of his sd. Master has lived a very disorderly life & has come home at all hours of the right & Morning with Men & hath frequently bred Quarrells so that the Watch has been Obliged to be Called

That your Peticoner hath not been Employed in the Business of a Watch Chaser ever since the absence of his said Master but hath been Employed by his said Mistress in cleaning of the Nouse & Lighting of Fires there being only your Petitioner & his said Mistress in the said Bouse

That your Petition's said Mistress Since the Absence of his sd Master has kept your Petitioner a close Prisoners & threatned that is he offered to go away she would send him to Bridewell for that he Should the Remainder of his time out with her & kept your Petitioner [...] three days upon nothing but Bread & Cucumbers & would not permit your said Petitioner to go to any of his Friends and that your Petitioner has Several times wanted Victuals to Eat

That your Petitioner said Fathers will undertake to bind out your Petitioner to some good Master of the same Business in Case your Petitioner shall be discharged from his said Master

Your Petitioner therefore most humbly prays (the premiss being considered) that your Worships would be pleased to Discharge your Petitioner from he said Apprentice [...] ship to his said Master

And your Petitioner as in Duty bound shall ever pray Etc.

Thomas Stephens

