To the Worpfull his Mats. Justices of the peace at their Genall Quarter Sessions of the peace holden for the County of Middx at Hicks Hall the 6th. of December 1717. P Adjournmt.

The humble Memoriall of Thomas Richards on the behalfe of the Inhabitants of the Liberty of St. Albans in the County of Hertford.

Sheweth

That it was the Opinion of the Justices at Hicks Hall at Michaelmas Sessions 1716. that the Constables in Middx ought to convey Vagrants through the County of Middx & not leave them in Chipping Barnett at all; And the Court then agreed that those wch came towards St: Albans should be conveyed to Ridge: but still they continue to leave them at Barnett.

The same was likewise the Opinion of the Justices for the Liberty of St. Albans & at Christmas Sessions last they ordered that the Constables of Chipping Barnett should not entertain any such as Vagrants for the future; And that if Middx Constables did leave any there, they should be further wch convey'd to Mimes Side of Barnett in Middx.

That the Constables of Chipping Barnett indeed doe observe the Order of Sessions for the said Liberty, & the last Constable of Mimes Side hath pformed his pt; but the prsent Constable gave us great disturbance, because (as he prtends) he knows not how he shall be paid his Charges, altho severall Justice (by what I understand) had given him their Words that he should be reimbursed.

To lay this Servd, I also sent him a Letter that I myself would reimburse him (if they did not) upon certain Condicons therein mencoed (a Copy whereof is annext) till such time as the Justices mett to settle the same, But he not only refused those Condicons, but abused me for my kind proffer, alledging that that Proposall was made only to Saddle this matter upon him; wch (God knows my heart) was not the least in my Thoughts.

And now, to mend the matter, he conveys them to Phllips a Constable of Ridge parish, who lives about 2. miles from Ridge Town, & a considerable way out of the Main Road; whereas according to the Letter of the Statute of the 12th. of Queen Ann he should convey them to Ridge Town, where is a proper Officer to receive them; Nay, severall have been sent to Phillips from Southmimes Town, wth is above 2. Miles back again.

So that as this affair is managed, there are no less than 4. Shiftings & Reliefs in & Miles Space, Twice in the Liberty once in Middx & once in the County of Hertford; wch is a Shame, & contrary to the designe of the Statute.

May it please yor. Worps.

I know no way to redress this Grievance but that the Court would be pleased to accept of my proposicon, pursuant to the first Order of the Leberty Justices at Christmas Sessions 1715. a Copy whereof is annext, upon wth yor. Order of Reference is grounded (wth did not answer the designe & is likewise annext) as is also the last Order made at St. Albans.

Or else that yor. Worps would be pleased to transferr yor. Establishmt of £40. P And from Southmimes Constable to me & altho I thinke't is a very Scanty Allowance yet I will undertake to convey them from St. Albans to Barnett wthout halting at Mimes, & from Barnett through Middx wch way soever their Passes dirett them, whether upwards or downwards, wthout putting yor County to any further Charge or Trouble about it; This (if yor. Worps please to intrust me wth) I hope to manage to yor. Satisfaccon & Content, & Submitt it wholly to the Judgmt, of the Court, who am wth all Submission

And if yor. Worps please to order me to be paid Quarterly, I dare venture to convey such as are not able to goe on foot from London too to Barnett at 18d. P head.

Yor Worps Most Obedt. Servt. Tho: Richards.

see the Copies of the 3. Orders & Letter on the other side.

