To the Worshipful His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the [...] County of Middlesex in General Quarter Session of the Peace for the said County Assembled

The Humble Petition and Appeal of Joseph Cooper Esquire an Inhabitant of the Parish of [...] Chiswick in the County of Middlesex

Sheweth That by a certain Rate or Assembled made for the relief of the Poor of the said Parish of Chiswick in the said County of Middlesex on the sixteenth day of May 1793 and Published in the Church of the said Parish on the Sixteenth day of June 1793 Your Petitioner and many other Inhabitants and Occupiers of Houses and Lands in the said Parish are in and by the said Rate or Assessment charged and Assessed several Sums of Money for the relief of the Poor of the said Parish.

That at the time of making the said Rate or Assessment the Reverend James Rebeck was and now is [...] Vicar of the said Parish and the said James Tribeck is rated in and by the said Rate or Assessment at the sum of one hundred pounds a year for his Tythes as Vicar of the said Parish when as your Petitioner apprehends the said James Febeck ought to be rated in and by the said Rate or Assessment in a much larger Sum of Money than the said Sum of one hundred pounds for his [...] Tythes as Vicar of the said Parish.

That at the time of making the said Rate or Assessment Jane Lansbury, Thomas Clifford and Walter Watham were and noware Inhabitants and Occupiers of Houses in the said Parish but the said Jane Lansbury Thomas Clifford and Walter Walham are not nor is any or either of them by the said Rate or Assessment charged and Assessed in any Sum of Money whatsoever for the relief of the Poor of the said Parish.

That Jeremiah Humphreys named in the said Rate or Assessment was at the time of making the said Rate or Assessment and now is an Inhabitant and the Occupier of a certain House in the said Parish and Joseph Clinch and Samuel Devolle named in the said Rate or Assessment at the time of making the said Rate or Assessment were and now are Inhabitants and are or one of them is the Occupiers or Occupier of certain Stables in the said Parish but the said Jeremiah Humphreys Joseph Clinch and Samuel Devolle or any or either of them are not in and by the said Rate or Assessment charged in any Sum of Money whatsoever for the relief of the Poor

the Poor of the said Parish for and in respect of the said House and Stables.

That at the time of making the said Rate or Assessment Henry Robins and James Ward named in the said Rate or Assessment were and now are Inhabitants and Occupiers of Houses in the said Parish and John [...] Sich named in the said Rate or Assessment was and now is an Inhabitants. and Occupier of a certain Brewhouse and also of two Houses in the said Parish in which Houses Chipman and Knight severally reside but the said Henry Robins James Ward and John Sick are and each of them is charged and Assessed towards the said Relief in lesser Sums of Money than each of them ought to be in respect to other Inhabitants and Occupiers of Houses and Lands in the said Parish who are charged and assessed towards the said Relief.

That your Petitioner for the reasons aforesaid hath material Objections to the said Rate or Assessment and Apprehend himself to be aggrieved thereby and that the said Rate or Assessment is illegal by reason of the Manner of making the same And therefore humbly Appeals against the said Rate or Assessment And.

Wm [...] Chetham Solr for the Appeallant} Your Petitioner prays that the said Rate or Assessment may be quashed or that Your Petitioner may have such Relief in the premises as to your Worships shall seem meet and that this your Petitioners Appeal may be saved unto him and that the hearing and Determination thereof may be adjourned untill the next General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said County.

