To the Worshipful Chairman and the rest of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace at Hicks Hall Assembled

The Humble Petr. of Jno. Rinkle John Church Willm. Dubour Willm. Furges Jno. Wheeler Joseph Elanes Jas. Hawkins, Rich. Williams Jno. Read. other Samner Prices with all Other Prisoners

Most Humbly Sheweth That Your Petitioners Most humbly the Liberty of Improving your worships by presenting this Petition that they have by Order of Court last two of their Turnkeys, one of Which, has Cause the Greatest happiness [...] mind to your petrs, being discharged Which is Margret and the Other the Most Unguire of mind Which in Fletcher who by all of represens and in particular people that Ephums themselves as [...] testips and an Enquirey given your Worhships all Sattisfaction of their Character

That Your Petitioner now humbly Informs your Worships that when they had Fletcher as a Turnkey They had a man of Compasson and Underness to sick disstressed and all in General But Margaret must to the acting always Guilty of beating and Ill treated prisoners which they all think happiness of being guild of so Very had an evil

Therefore were your petrs. hopes your Worships will Consider a numbers of us Our Application and for the case of An unquirs mind, Restore to set Again Fletcher

And your Petitioner in Duty Bread will ever [...]

To Willm. Mainwaring Esqr Chairman and the rest of his Fellow Justices of our Lord the King Assigned to keep the peace of our Said Lord the King within the County of Middlesex in their Quarter Session Assembled

The Humble Petition of George Long of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn in the County of Middlesex Coach maker

Sheweth That your Petitioner by an Order bearing date the 23rd. day of December last under the hands and Seals of Thos. Collins, Thos. Bishop and John Barnfather Esqrs. Three of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex was adjudged and Ordered to pay to the Revd., Charles Barton Clerk for Tythes Offerings Obligations and Abventions the Sum of Ten Shillings

That your Petitioner does not owe unto the said Chas. Barton the said Sum of Ten Shillings or any part thereof in Manner and form Or for the Causes in the said Order mentioned

Your Petitioner therefore Humbly prays leave to Appeal from the said Order so made by the said Thos. Collins Thos Bishops and John Barnfather Esqr. And that a day in [...] this present Session may be fixed hearing all parties on the Relief in the Premised as to a Your Worships matters of the said Appeall and that they may be Ordered to Attend [---] this Court on the hearing thereof

And Your Petitioners will ever pray Etc

