To the Worshipfull His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middx in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace Assembled

The Humble Petition of Danl. Harrison of the Parish of St. Pancras in the sd. County Brickmake & Cowkeeper.

Sheweth That Yor. Petr. in his way of Brickmaking having Occasion for Dirt Ashes and Breeze as a necessary Composition for his Clay Earth did for Several Years with others Contract with the Scavengers of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn above the Barrs & St. George the Martyr for Cleansing their streets and carrying away the Ashes Dirt Filth and Soyle thereout

That for the Purpose of making, Bricks Yor. Petr. did Seperate a Part of a Field belonging to him & adjourning to the Road from Grays Inn Lane to lay such Dirt Ashes & Breeze as he thought usefull in his way of Business

That the Present Scavengers of the said Parish having agreed with one of their own Brethren to clean the Streets & 1d. they upon Applicacon to Luke Robinson & Henry Butler Pacey Esqrs. two of His Majesty's Justices of the peace for the sd. County in Petty Sessions Obtained Liberty by their approbation & Order under their Hands & Seals bearing date the 21st. day of June last to lodge their Dirt Dust Ashes and other Filth in a close of Yor. Petr. (to wit) On one are thereof near to the Common Highway and Turnpike Road on the West side thereof including the Laystall now there and to be taken from the said High way Eastward as near a Square as Convenient may be which is the very Spot Yor Petr. had Seperated forth laying his Dirt & 1a. to use in his way of Business which they by bringing in Rubbish or other improper Materials may Spoil to his great Detriment

That by the said Order and Approbation there is no Provision made for Clearing away the Dirt & 1a. they shall bring, and if the Rakers & Scavengers mix their Dirt with that already there belonging

to Yor. Petr. it will be difficult to determine to which it belongs nor does the said Order direct the Ground to be marked out or Inclosed

That the Water Pipes belonging to the New River Company are very near to the said piece of Ground & thro' which the sd. Company have a right of Passage and as that Company serves Yor. Petr. with water without which Yor. Petr. could not Keep his Cows it has been always incumbent on him to take great care not to Annoy them which the said Scavengers and Raker (not having the same Interest) may not be so carefull to Prevent and thereby do great Prejudise to Yor. Petr.

That there are Several other Places as Convenient for the Accomodacon of the Country Carts and not attended with the like Detriment to the Occupiers as the Ground belonging to Yor. Petr.

That the said Justices in Petty Sessions have Ordered the Sum of Twelve Pounds to be paid to Yor. Petr. as a Satisfaction, which Yor. Petr. thinks is not a reasonable Satisfaction for the same as by the sd. Order the Raker & Scavengers of the said Parishes are Empowered to lodge all their Dirt on that one Spot

Yor. Petr. thinks himself Aggrieved by the sd. Order and Approbation of the said two Justices of the peace Appeals to this Court against the same and humbly prays that your Worships will be pleased to hear and Determine the Matter by him Complained of

And Yor. Petr. shall ever pray Etc

Danl. Harrison

