Middx. to wit. To William Mainwaring Esqr. & others his Majestys Justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex assembled at the Genl. Quarter Sessions of the peace holden at the Sessions House in Clerkenwell Green in & for the said County on Monday the 12 day of January 1789.

The Humble Petition of the Churchwardens & Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Bray in the Town of Maidenhead in the county of Berks

Sheweth That Wm. Gascoigne & G: S: Bradshaw Esqrs. two of his Majestys justices of the peace in [---] City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of [...] by an order bearing date the 14th. of Novr. 1788 setting forth that a Complaint had been made unto them by the Churchwardens & Overseers of Saint Anne within the Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex that Amelia Williams aged four Months had lately intrude & come into the said Parish of St. Anne & was likely to become chargeable to the same and that they the said Justices upon Examination of the premisses upon Oath & other Circumstances did adjudge the Place of the last legal Settlement of the said Amelia Williams to be in the Parish of Bray in the Town of Maidenhead in the County of Berks & the said Wm. Gascoigne & G: S: Bradshaw did accordingly require the said Churchwardens & Overseers of the poor of the said parish of St. Anne to remove and convey the said Amelia Williams from & out of the said parish of St. Anne to the said Parish of Bray which they have [...] done accordingly.

That your Petitioners conceive themselves aggrieved by the said order of removal for that to the best of their Knowledge the said Amelia Williams never had or gained any settlement in the Parish of Bray.

Your Petitioners therefore pray that the said Amelia Williams may be removed back from the said parish of Bray to the Parish of Saint Anne and that the said Order of Removal made by the said William Gascoigne and G: S: Bradshaw may be quashed and that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the poor of the said Parish of Saint Anne may pay to your Petitioners the Charges of such removal and the expences of maintaining the said pauper since she was so removed and the Costs of this Application

And your Petitioners shall ever pray Etc

