To the Right Worpll: his Majties: Justices of Peace for the County of Middx.

The Humble Petition of diverse Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch in the said County And Proprietors of Severall Houses and Lands there. hereunder Signing

Sheweth

That Whereas by a Statute made in ye 34th & 35th H. 8 It is Enacted that Shoreditch (among divers other Streets & Lanes in ye said Act named) Lyeing within the County of Middx & near unto the Citty of London should be paved by the Owners Etc And by ye same Act power is given to the Justices of ye Peace for the said County of Middx to punish Defaults. Neverthelesse it hath soe happened that the sd Act of Parliamt. hath not been duely and fully complyed with. And by reason thereof many Indictmts: have been prosecuted in this Court of Sessions agt. the Inhabitants of the said Parish for not repairing and amending ye Streets & Highwayes within the said Parish. Upon which Indictmts. great Issues have been Estreated into his Majties. Excheqr. & levied upon the said Inhabitants to their very great charge & trouble. Which Indictmts. have cheifly been occasioned by the badness of ye wayes in that part of Shoreditch Street which lyes Northward from Shorditch Church leading towards Kingsland although (upon the repairing thereof from tyme to tyme by laying Ballass very great Sumss have been Expended by ye Inhabitants aforesaid All their endeavours of the kind proveing ineffectuall. And Whereas it is conceived that by ye Execucon of ye Act abovemenconed & ye powers therein contained) & by noo other meanes) the Mischeifes aboverecited may be prvented & the Inhabitants of ye said Parish eased as alsoe the Kings Subjects passing that way accomodated. May it therefore please yor. Worshps. by yor. Order in Sessions to enjoyne that the said Act for paveing Shoreditch be putt in Execucon in regard to this place And that ye Owners of Lands Houses & Tenemts. seytuate & being on either side thereof be thereby obliged by a certaine day by yor. Worsps. to be limited well & sufficiently to pave or cause to be paved with good paveing Stones All & every part of ye said Street (vizt.) every severall Owner in propercon to his Interest att his Owne Cost and Charges to pave soe much of the Ground of ye said Street lyeing before his own Lands or Tenemts: as reaches to ye Middle of ye said Street or way upon & under such pains & penalties as by Law may be inflicted in case of default.

And yor. Peticoners shall ever pray Etc.

William Mellor Martyn fryer Timothy Ware Mich: Bignall Daniel Strupae John Harding Artr. Foresight

David Nollett Ellis Farrow Thomas Goulding

