To the worshipful the Justices for the County of Middlesex assembled at the general Quarter Session of the Peace held in and for the said County at Hicks's Hall St. John's street.

The humble Petition of Thomas Pattle Berg.

Sheweth

That by Indre dated the 4th. or 5th. day of March 1761 your Petitioner who was brought up and educated at Christ's Hospital was put an Apprentice to Edmund Randall of Feller Lane in the Liberty of then Rolls Taylor for the Term of 7 Years and the Consideration paid with your Petitioner was 5s by the said School and 5s. by the your Petitioners Father.

That Soon after your Petitioner was bound his said Master on Account of the Debts he owed was obliged to absent himself from Business and went to live in Scotland yard near Charing Cross to avoid being arrested.

That sometime in the said year 1761 your Petitioners said Master having been charged in Execution in the King's Bench Prison for Debt was cleared by Virtue of the last Insolvent Act.

That during the Time aforesaid your Petitioner was not employed by his said Master nor by any other Person by his Direction in Order to be instructed in the said Trade but in running of Errands, and from the Time his said Master was confined as aforesaid his Father took him home, maintained him in Heat Drink and Clothes for the Space of 12 or 14 weeks as it was not in the Power of this said Master to do it.

That soon after your Petitioners said Master was so cleared as aforesaid he went to live in Feller Lane and your Petitioner was sent Home to live with his said Master in Order to be instructed in the said Trade and to be maintained and cloathed according to the Covenants in the said Indenture.

That during all on greatest Part of the time since your Petitioner was so sent back to live with his said Master there has been very little Business done at his said Masters, And your Petitioner has not as yet had any Oppertunity of being instructed in the said Trade, and of he shou'd be obliged to continue with him the Remainder of the Term, your Petitioner will not have the Oppertunity of learning his Trade so as to be able to gett his Livehood as others do.

And moreover your Petitioner begs humbly leave to inform your Honours that during the Time last mentioned his said Master so for from full fitting his part of the said Indenture, has suffered your Petitioner to want Clothes to cover him and Victuals to support him your Petitioner having lived for many days together upon dry bread and Tra or small Beer not having abit of Heat for these or four days together and had it not been for the Relief of his own Friends wou'd have been

in a starving Condition.

Your Petitioner therefore humbly prays that your Honours wou'd be pleased to take his Case under your Consideration, and that he may be discharged from his said Apprenticeship, and that the said Edmund Randall may be ordered to refunds so much of the said Sum of 10. & as your Honours shall think he ought to day On that your Honours wou'd be Pleased to make such order here in as you shall think meet.

And your Petitioner shall ever pray Etc.

Thomas Pattle Berg

Middx At the General Quarter Session of he peace of the Lord the King holden for the County of Middlesex at Hicks. Hall in St. John Street in the said County on Monday the 38th day of April 1764

It is Ordered by this Court that the within named Edmond Randall have Notice of this Petition and that he and all parties Conserned do attend this Court on Thursday next being the Third day of May at Nine of the Clock in the forenoon to hear and abide the Judgment and determination of this Court bushing the Mord's of the sd Petitionr

By the Court Waller

