To the Rt. Worshipfull his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlx in their Genl. Quarter Sessions of the Peace Assembled:

The humble Petition and Appeal of Richard Holt of the Parish of St Giles without Cripplegt. in the said County

Sheweth That your Petr by Lease bearing date ye 20th July 1718 became entituled to a certain house for the term of Seventeen years [...] Seituate and being in the said Parish, formerly in the Possession of one Mr. Massey and since in the Occupation of Mr. Forsesson Distiller at ye Yearly rent of £30

That the said house and ground while in the Possession of the above mentioned Persons to wit the said Mr. Massey as a Soap boyler and Mr. Forsesson as a Distiller where they had fixed proper Utensills for each of their businesses and that upon your Petitioners taking ye said house and Premisses as by Lease aforesaid your Petr. turned those Places where the Utensills abovementioned was fixed for the business of the said Persons into Stables for the convemeicey of his business of an Innholder and for Livery Stables and for which your Petr. is charged to the Poors rate of the said Parish after the rate of £40 P Ann altho' it is very well known Your Petr. pays no more than £30 P Ann for the same.

That about 6 Year's aged your Petr. then and ever since finding himself agrieved did appeal to this worshipfull Court and upon a full hearing of the matter then in question this Court was pleased to releive your Petitioner Pursuant to his rent

But so it is that the Officers of the said Parish taking a causeless Offence against your Petrs. doth still oppress him in manner and form aforesaid.

For all which Reasons

Your Petitioner most humbly Prays this Court will be pleased to appoint a day sometime this Prsent Genl. Quarter Sessions and to Order ye Church Wardens & Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. Giles without Cripplegate in this C [...] and all other Parties concerned may attend this Court to hear and a [...] the finall Arbitrament and Determination of this Appeal.

And your Petr. shall ever Pray Etc

The Mark of Richd. [x] Holt

