To his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace assembled

The Humble Petition of Henry Holland Richard Westmacot John Linnell William Clerke and Charles Smith Inhabitants of the parish of St. George Hanover Square in the County of Middlesex

Sheweth That your Petitioners have been for several Years last past and during the Years 1786 and 1787 they were Inhabitants of the said Parish and as such liable and paid the Rates and Assessments made for the relief of the poor of the said Parish

That in the Year 1786 The Right Honorable Lord Boston and Jervase Clerke Jervase Esqr. Two of the Inhabitants of the said Parish were the Church wardens and Robert Faulder Samuel Hudson Merry Wilson and Alexander Yeate Four other Inhabitants of the said Parish were Overseers of the Poor of the same Parish of St. George Hanover Square aforesaid.

That an Account of the Sums assessed collected and received within each Ward of the said Parish and all Monies paid and disbursed for the relief of the poor of the said Parish in the year 1786 hath been Entered examined adjusted and allowed at a meeting of the Vestry of the said Parish pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament passed in the 26th. year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the 2nd Intitled "an act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty and City of Westminster and for cleansing the Streets and repairing the High Ways within the said Parish". That in such Account there are divers Sums of Money charged as Payments and Disbursements for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish unto Sundry Persons therein named and for divers purposes therein mentioned which as your Petitioners conceive ought not to have been charged therein the same not having been disbursed or paid for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish.

That your Petitioners are advised that the several Sums so charged in the said Account herein before mentioned ought not to have been paid out of the monies rated and assessed upon and collected from your Petitioners and the several other Inhabitants of the said Parish for the relief of the Poor of the said Parish and in as much as it appears on the face of the said account that the sevl. Sums of money herein before mentioned were not paid or disbursed for the Relief of the poor of the said Parish the same ought not to have been allowed and they humbly Insist that the same ought now to be disallowed

Your Petitioners therefore appeal against the said account so made up and allowed as aforesaid to this honorable Court and most humbly pray that the several Sums herein before mentioned may be disallowed and that this Court will be pleased to disallow the same accordingly and that this Court will also be pleased to order that the amount of the monies so to be disallowed may be paid by Treasurer or Treasurers nominated by Virtue of the said Act for the Receipt of all Monies applicable to the relief of the Poor of the said Parish either to your Petitioners for the Benefit of themselves and such other of the Inhabitants of the said Parish from whom the rates and assessments for the relief of the Poor of the said Parish for the year 1786 have been collected or that such monies may be Accounted for by such Treasurer or Treasurers and be paid and applied for the relief of the Poor of the said Parish or that this Court will be pleased to make such other order in the Premises as shall be just

And your Petitioners shall ever Pray Etc H. Holland Richd. Westmacott Jno [...] Wm. Clarke Chas. Smith

