To the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of MIDDLESEX.

GENTLEMEN, THO' the near approach of the Election obliges me to postpone the agreeable duty of paying my personal respects to every Freeholder, yet the generous and Spirited encouragement I have received, fills me with the deepest Sense of Gratitude; especially as no art has been omitted, as no Slander has been Spared, to prejudice me in the opinion of the Public These attempts, however, ineffectual as they are base, I have treated with Silent contempt. Their malevolence can only be equalled by their absurdity, and I feel some consolation in being placed on the roll of Detraction with the most exemplary, the most venerable, and the most sacred characters of my Country.

Had I, on this occasion, escaped the rage of my Opponents, I should be apprehensive that I had hitherto mistaken their real principles. But, indeed, I do not wonder that they should affect prodigious solicitude for your Privi- leges, when they want to monopolize the First County in ENGLAND; nor do I wonder, when the terrify the Freeholders from voting, that they triumphantly declaim on the unexampled unanimity of Election.

And yet, perhaps, a behaviour tolerably decent, might be expected from men, professedly as averse to Intimidation as to Corruption; from men, whose glory it is to maintain the Freedom of Election, and their incessant boast an unalterable Attachment to the Constitutional Rights of every indi- vidual of the Community.

Was the calumny of my enemies directed solely against myself, I should be rather sensible of pleasure than uneasiness, even in the most malicious moments of their detraction. But I own I am deeply affected, that the profession of a Soldier should be deemed incompatible with the Duties of a good Citizen; and when I hear it ungenerously affected, that those whose lives are more immediately devoted to the Service of their Country, must be less worthy of confidence than their Fellow-Subjects.

It is necessary for me to add, that my Actions shall always correspond with my Words, and, on every occasion, manifest an inflexible regard for your Rights. The Day of Election is near at hand; and let every Freeholder, whether he designs to honour me with his voice, or to favour the pretensions of my Competitors, approach the Hustings without apprehen- sion, and fulfil the Duty of an upright Englishman.

Every care will be taken to enforce the Laws of the Land, strengthened by the seasonable attention of Parliament. I shall flatter myself, Gen- tlemen, with the pleasing expectation of meeting you early on Thursday next, prepared to testify, by your numerous Appearance, a due reagard to your own Constitutional Privileges, and an boneft abhorrence of that Licen- tiousness which has but too long disturbed the Tranquility of your County.

I am, GENTLEMEN, WITH GREAT TRUTH AND RESPECT, YOUR MOST DEVOTED HUMBLE SERVANT,

South-Audley-Street, April 10, 1769.

HENRY LAWES LUTTRELL.

The Hustings will be divided, and the Poll taken by Separate Hundreds.

Colonel LUTTRELL will be particularly obliged to those Gentlemen who will honour him with their Company at Breakfast on Thursday next, the 13th Instant, at Six o' clock, in South-Audley-Street, near Berkeley-Square.

N.B. Gentlemen at theEast End of the Town may be accommodated with Carriages and Saddle Horses by applying any time, previous to the Election, at the Angel and Crown, White Chapel, where Tickets will be delivered them to the different Coach-masters, Etc. and at the West End of the Town, Mr. Townshend's, the New-Exchange-Coffee-house, in the Strand.

Houses in OLD BRENTFORD. Star and Garter, Kew-bridge; Castle, Running Horses, Barge, Red Lion. Houses in New Brentford. White Horse in the Market; Royal Oak, ditto; Seven Stars, near the Butts; Running Deer, Catherine Wheel, Black Boy. Stabling in Old Brentford, Star and Garter, Red Lion, Goat Yard. Stabling in New Brentford, in the Ham, and the Royal Oak, in the Market-place.

