To the Worshipfull Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace Assemble.

The Humble Petition of John Port

Sheweth That by Indenture bearing date the 2d. day of November 1747 your Petitioner was bound Apprentice to James Wood of the Parish of Saint Giles in the Feilds in the County of Middlesex Glazier to Serve him from the date of the said Indenture for the Term of Seven Years And that the said James Wood (in Consideration of the Sum of three Pounds and three Shillings then paid to him by your Petitioners Father) Covenanted by the said Indenture to teach your Petitioner the Business of a Glazier, and also to find and Allow to your Petitioner Sufficient Meat drink Washing lodging and all other Necessarys during the said Term.

That in Pursuance of the said Indenture your Petitioner immediately went to live with the said James Wood at whose House he continued for the Space of Eighteen Months or there abouts during which time your Petitioner was not constantly Employd in the said Trade the said James Wood having very little Business for himself.

That during the said time your Petitioner was not Allowed by his said Master Sufficient Meat Drink Washing Lodging or Necessarys according to and as mentd. in the said Indenture but on the Coutrary was frequently a whole day, and not allowed by his said Master any thing to Eat. And the said James Wood and his Wife have often Beat and Kick'd your Petitioner without the least Cause or Provocation.

That the said James Wood not having Business for your Petitioner has hired your Petitioner to Several Persons of the same Trade to Work for them So that your Petitioner hath not Work'd with or been Employ'd in the said Trade by the said James Wood for above a Year now last past, which your Petitioner Apprehends is contrary to the Purport and meaning of the said Indenture.

That your Petitioner conceives himself to be Aggreived by the said James Wood in the Particulars above Seaforth.

And therfore your Petitioner most humbly applys to your Worships Judgment, and Prays such Releif in the Precinsses as to your Worships shall seem week.

And your Petitioner shall ever Pray Etc

