To the Honoble Bench of Justices of the peace for the County of Middx in their Gen Quarter Sessions assembled

The humble peticon of Philip Delfons Prisoner in Bridewell Clerkenwell and was by Inter put Apprentice to Mr. Gosney of the Parish of Stepans Weliness deced which Counter part his Sd. Mats. Widow has get into her custody & will not deliver it up

Sheweth That your peticoner was on the 20th. day of June last past upon the complaint of Henrietta Gosney his Masters Widow comited to the Said priso by the Worppfull Dayley Michell Esqr for being a loose idle pensen Apprentice [...] Spoileing his Work and absenting from her Service without leave

That your peticoner [---] at hard labour ever Since, and his said Mistress has not subcisted him wth any provision, and desired him of his own necessary Apparell, nor will not consent to release him out of Prison nor to turn him over to a Master that is capable to instruct & learn him the art and mistery of the Trade of a Weaver, unless your peticoners Friend will advance & pay to her Wl. or Secure the paymt. of it by god and Sufficient Sureties. (or else She will detaine him in prison during all the residue of his Apprenticepp) which your petr. is not able to procure notwithstanding she doth not cause him to be art fully instructed or proper care taken for his Improvement or knowledge of the Said Trade, and that your peticoner knew as much of the Trade of a Weaver at his Maties death as he doth now, he only since his Maties death works along with Journy and that knows not so much of the Sd. Trade, than your Peticoner does and humbly appealed to this Court

Your peticoner humbly prays that your Worpps would in consideracon of his tender years and less of his [...] had of Improvemt. in the Science of the said Trade commesered his unhappy circumstance to discharge him out of prison or to appoint a day for his Sd. Mistress to attend this Court this present Session to Shew Cause why he Should not be discharged out of prison [...] and from his Appren [...] or ohe to be turned over by her to a Master that is capable to instruct him

And you Peticoner Shall evr. pray Etc Philip Delfour

