To his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held in and for the said County

The humble Petition and Appeal of Edward North of the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields in the County of Middlesex Carman

Sheweth That A Complaint was Exhibited to Thomas Burdus Esqr. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex against your Petitioner by William Lake That your Petitioner upon the 22d: day of July last past at the said Parish of St. Martin in the Fields in the City & Liberty of Westminster did drive a Cart loaded with and Containing A Quantity of Coals exceeding 8 Bushels to wit the Quantity of 20 Bushels from a Place Called Durham Yard in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields aforesaid within the said City and Liberty of Westminster the duty of 4d: by the Chaldron not being paid and without you & Petitioner's having any Paper writing or Tickett signed by any Principal Land Coal Meter & Counter signed bt any Labouring Coal Meter who attended to deliver the said Coals and give such Paper writing or Tickett therewith as is directed by an Act of Parliament made in the 19th: Year of the Reign of his present Majesty intitled An Act more Effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses Committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City & Liberty of Westminster & that part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoyning there to & the several Parishes of St.. Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex.

That the Matter of the sd Complaint Came on to heard before the sd. Mr. Burdns on the 1st.. day of August last past when the sd. Mr. Burdns was pleased to give Judgement of Conviction against your Petitioner for the sd. Offence And that your Petitioner should forfeit the Sum of five pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain One Moiety thereof to the use of the said William Lake & the other Moiety thereof to the use of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields aforesaid where the said Offence was Alledged to have been Committed.

Wherefore & in Regard your Petitioner thinks himself aggreived by the sd. Judgment of Conviction given agt. him as aforesaid

J: Mackay Soll: for the Appellant. Your Petitioner therefore most humbly appeals from the sd. Judgement of Conviction to your worships in this present General Quarter Session of the Peace Assembled (being the next General Quarter Session of the Peace held for the County of Middlesex after the said Conviction) And your Petitioner humbly prays that your worships will be pleased to reverse the sd. Judgement of Conviction given against your Petitioner the as aforesd. & Acquitt your Petitioner thereof And Also award to your Petitioner according to the Directions of the sd. Act of Parliament such reasonable Costs to be paid by the sd. William Lake upon whose Information or Prosecution the sd Conviction was founded or made As to your Worships in your Discretion shall seem meet

And your Petitioner (as in Duty bound) shall Ever pray Etc.

