to the Worshipful Sir John Hawkins Knight Chairman and the rest of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace assembled in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the County of Middlesex

The humble Petition of Messrs. Arnold and Berry many Years Proprietors of Mary bone Gardons

Most humbly Sheweth

That their Conduct in the management of the said Gardens past uncensured and that they found no impediment from your Worships to granting them a Licence until the last Michaelmas Sessions which was occasioned by Signor Torree's exhibiting Five Works at their Gardens.

That your Petitioners were not the cause or any ways instigators of the said Signor Torree's com ing to this Kingdom His design being to exhibit Fireworks at Ranelagh Gardens, but the Proprietors did not agree to his Terms and declined entering into any engagement with him Nor had your Petitioners any thoughts of applying to him until thereunto induced by the Perswasions of many respectable Per sons who assured them that if the said Signor Torree' could obtain a Licence from the Master of the Ordnance such exhibition would not be contrary to Law

Nor did your Petitioners make any Interest or application whatever for the obtaining such Licence.

That when the said Signer Torree' had by his own Inte rest obtained & Licence your Petitioners considered that exhibitions of Fire works had been made in Public Gardens during upwards of twenty years without the Legality of such exhibitions being ever questioned. Your Petitioners therefore had not the last conception that they should be censured on this head by your Worships

That influenced by such reasons your Petitioners entered into a Contract with Signor Torree' for the exhibition of Fire Works during the whole Term of their Lease of the said Gardens and assigned him a part of them for that purpose and Signor Torree' being to expend a considerable Sum in the erection of Buildings Etc. they entered into a Bond of one thousand Pounds for the observation of the said Contract.

That at the last General Licencing upon Dr. Arnold's Application for a Licence he not expecting an Objection would made thereunto came unprepar'd with authority from either Signor Torree' or Mr. Berry to answer Objections or to enter into any promise that might include them such engage ment would have subjected him to the Penalty of his Bond from Signor Torree' and have tendered him answerable for the consequences of it to his Partner And Dr. Arnold has been since informed that he could not be released from such Bond without a Judgment in Law and that if he had promised to discontinue the said Fire, works upon his own Authority he must have been guilty of a breach of his Promise or have incurred the penalty of his Bond.

That your Petitioners have been unhappy in falling under the censure of the Magistrates the [...] Petition of whose [...] had impressed such a degree of Gratitude upon them that if they could have prevailed upon Signor Torree' to give up their engagement they would have instantly put & Stop to the

Exhibition of Fire Works But all applications to him were rejected nor were they able to obtain a release from him until the last Month of September when the release hereunto annexed was executed.

That the said Gardens are now in the full Possession of your Petitioners and if they either again exhibit Fire- Works there or suffer any thing to be exhibited on their Gardens contrary to Law good Morals and Decency the [...] must now justly fall upon their own heads But that this matter may not rest upon their Case promise they are ready to enter into any Bond or recognizance in any Sum the Court shall deem proper for the confirmation of the Promise now given.

Your Petitioners therefore Sum the stating of the above facts most humbly hope as they had not the least intention of wilful Offence that they shall be restored to the protection and favour of this Court by the granting of their Licence for the Year ensuring which they will most gratefully acknowledge and repair Sum the least abuse of such indulgence

And your Petitioners will ever pray Etc

Arnold for himself & John Berry

