To the Worshipful His Majesty's Justices of the peace for the County of Middx in their Quarter Sessn. at Hicks Hall Assembled

The Humble Petition of Joseph Churchill (Son of Saml. Churchill Deced) Apprentice to John Bassett of East Smithfield in the par of St. Botolph without Aldgate in Middx

Sheweth

That your petitioner by Indenture Bearing Date the 19th. Day of September 1759 did [---] by and with the Privity of Mr. Robert Gamon Treasurer of Saint Sepulchres Parish London put [---] himself Apprentice to John Brassett of Sr. Botolph Aldgate Watchmaker to Learn his Art And as an Apprentice to Serve him from the Day of the Date of the said Indenture for the Term of Seven Years In which Indre the said John Brassett om Consideracon of 3 pounds paid to him by the Order of the Trustees of the Charity School of St. Sepulchres London [...] And also in Consideration of £2:6s paid by Ann Churchill your petition Mother and also [---] a Note of Hand of the said Ann Churchill for 6 pounds to be paid at Half a Guinea a Month to the said John Brasett He the said John Brassett [...] Covenanted to teach and Instruct [---] Yr. petitioner in the said Art and Mystery of a Watchmaker And to find yr. petr. wch. Meat Drink Washing and Lodging And all other Necessaries According to the Custom of London during the sd. Term

That Yr. petitioner in pursuance of the sd. Indenture Faithfully Serv'd the sd. John Brassett as his Apprentice until the 27th. Jany last past

during which Time Yr. petitioner sd. Master did not Instruct yr. petitioner in the sd. Art [---] but was Employ'd in Waiting on portueguese Lodgers in yr. petitioner Masters House And at Several times very ill used and Beat by the sd. Lodgers And has several times been Beat by petrs. sd. Master

That on account of a prosecutor lately Comenced against Emanuel Rosa One of Your Petr. sd. Masters Lodgers for the detestable Crime called Sodomy there is conceived an implacable Hatred agst. Your Petr. not only by his said Master but by the said Rosa & others of the house that he your petr is in [...] Pauper of his Life or of same yt. bodily harm Yr. Petr. therefore prays yr. Worships That you will be pleased to take ye. promises into yr. Consideracon And appoint a Day for the hearing both parties And that Yr. Petitioner may be Discharged from his said Apprenticeship and that his said Mr. may deliver up the sd Note to be cancelled And that Yor. Petr. shall

And Yr. petr. shall pray Etc

