To the Worshipfull His Majestys Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in Quarter Sessions Assembled.

The humble Petition of John Hanforth of Lad Lane London Innholder

Sheweth That Your Petr. was on the Second day of November last Convicted by John Spinnage Esquire one of his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in the Penalty of £5 under a Pretence that your Pet. Did on the Twenty ninth day of October new last past travel with use or draw or Caused to be travelled with used or Drawn a Cart whereof Your Petitioner was the Owner upon a certain Turnpike Read leadings from White Chapel Church in the County of Middlesex to Mile end Turnpike in the said County of Middlesex which is in the Kingdom of Great Britain and that on the most Conspicious or anyother part of which said Cart there was not painted in large and legible Characters the Christian and Sir name or Names and place of Abode of your Petitioner and that the said Cart was not then and there travelling [...] drawing with and Conveying Ammunition or Artillery for his Majestys Services Nor was the said Cart then and there and there travelling with used or drawn by one House or two Oxen and no more On the Contrary the said Cart was then and there travelling with used and drawn by four Houses Nor were the Sale on Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the said Cart of the breadth of nine Inches and then and there laden with One Stone One Block of Marble One piece of Metal or One Piece of Timber Contrary to the form of the Statute in that Case made and provided

That the said John Spinnage John Spinnage Esqr. afterwards on the Sev [...] day of November last caused a Warrant to be Issued by and under the hand and Seal of the Right Honourable Thomas Harley then Lord Mayor of the City of London for Levying by Distress the said Five Pounds and the Charge of such Distress on Your Petitioners Goods and Chattels in London and the same hath been accordingly levied on Your Petitioners Goods and Chattels

That Your Petitioner doth think himself aggrieved by

being Convicted in the penalty aforesaid by the said John Spinnage Esqr. as herein before Mentioned

Wherefore Your Petitioner humbly prays Your Worships that he may beat Liberty to enter his Appeal against the said Conviction by the said John Spinnage Esquire herein before mentioned and that the same may be heard and Determined before Your Worships in Quarter Sessions assembled And that Your Petrs Plate and Goods Seized under the said Conviction may be restored to Your Petr. and that your Petitioner may be Paid the Costs of this Application and be otherwise relived in the Premisses as to Your Worships shall seem meet

And Your Petr. will ever pray Etc.

Jno Hanforth

Middx At the General Quarter Session of the Peace of our Sovereign Lord the King holden for the County of Middlesex at Hicks Hall in Saint John Street in the County aforesaid on [...] Monday the ninth Day of January in the ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the third by the Grace of God of Great Britain Etc. and in the year of our Lord 1769

It is Ordered by this Court that [---] Richard Beck the Informer in the proceeding within mentioned shall [---] have Notice of this Appeal and that he and all Persons concerned do attend this Court on Thursday next at [...] Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon to hear and abide the Judgment and Determination of this Court touching the said Appeal

By the Court Waller

