To the Rt Worspll. her Matys Justices of the Peace for the County of Midds

The Humble Petition of Ralph Pettit John Varney Thomas Lynnell Francis Tuckes Gameliel Voice James Handey. Josias Fox and Thomas Pratt Watchmen of the Liberty of Church End & Hoxton In the Parish of St Leonard Shoreditch In this County

Sheweth

That according to Ancient Custome Of the said Liberty One William Darbey was the 10th. Day of January 1708 Elected Constable for the said Liberty for the Yeare. last past And Sworne before Roger Smith Esqr. one other Matys. Justices of ye Peace for this County.

That the sd William Darbey Acted as Constable the first Night only after he was sworne in Ordered your Petitrs: as Watchmen to doe their duty.

That said Darbey Soone after hired one Edmond King to Serve the sd Office for him who was alsoe Sworne before the sd Justice Smith And the said King acted alsoe the first Night at the being Sworne But Some few Inhabitants of the sd Liberty not Approving of the sd King to be Constable persuaded the said Darbey to hire one William Sergeant to Serve as Constable for the Remainder of the said Yeare Who was alsoe Sworne before the said Justice Smith and Executed the sd Office accordingly for the Remainder of the sd Yeare though not Approved of by many of the said Inhabitants That the sd William Sergeant hath Collected A Considerable Sum of Money from the Inhabitants of the said Liberty And he being much in debt hath Left his Habitation & absconded And there Remaines unpaid & due to your Petitrs: for Such their Watching the Sum of Nineteene Pounds And forasmuch as they being all Poore Men and having most or all of them Large Familys to Mainteyne Are in Great Want of the sd Money

P Tho. Nash

Your Petitrs: therefore humbly pray Your worshipps will be pleased [...] William Darbey who was First and Legally Elected & Chosen Constable of the sd Liberty (The other two not being Approved At by the Inhabitants thereof as aforesd) may be order'd to pay yor Poor Petitrs: the sd Sum of 19th or otherwise to be relieved as unto this Honble. Court Shall be thought most meet

And yor Petrs: Shall Ever pray Etc

James Lindse Josiah Fox Thor [x] Pratt [...]

Ralph Pettit his [x] mrke John Varn [...] Tho: Lim [...] Francis F [...] [...]

