To the Worship full Bench of Justices for the County of Middx now in Sessions at Hicks Hall

The humble peticon of Joseph Cooper now a prisoner in New prison

Sheweth That your peticoner was putt an Apprentice to one William Attwood of the parish of St. Giles Cripplegate in the County of Middx Sadletree Maker by Indenture dated the 16th. of March 1731 to serve as an Apprentice for the term of Seven years, And since his time of being bound the said William Attwood the Master his Wife & Journey man by their order hath often whipped your peticoner with aherss whipp in so Grerveanse a Manner that your peticoner was oblidged to absent from his said Masters Service not being able to served out his time with the said Attwood for such his ill Useage and of his wife and Servants

That Yor. peticoner absenting himself on account of such ill Useage lately went & entred himself on board the Chatham one of his Majesties Men of warr but his said Master hearing of him fetched him from an board the said shipp & has Committed yor petr. to. New prison where he has Laine new upwards of three weeks without the Least help or Assistance from his said Master for his Support and now being very ill and in a Starring condition his said Master tereatening to keep him there during his time in the Indenture and will not allow him any thing for his subsistance,

That Yor. petr. Father paid as an Apprentice Fee with your Petr. the Sum of £5. and was to find year petr. with Cloaths during the time and William Attwood the master delivered your petr. an [...] Instrument Signed by him but no Seal Annexed thereto nor was the same ever Indented as by the same may Appear, as the same ought to have been as yor. petr. is informed and beleives

That yor. petr. by such ill Useage now runs the risque of his Life by such his Confinement and want of Sustenance if not timely releived and when discharged from prison if this honble. Court shall not think fitt to discharge him from his Apprentishipp that he may have a new master your petr. will never be able to serve out his time and Learn his Trade which your petrs. said Master hath threatned unless he can Extort a Sum of mony from yor. petrs. Father.

Your petr. therefore humbly prays that this honoble Court will please to Order his said Master to Attend this honoble Court and produce the Indenture and Shew Cause to this honoble Court why your petr. should not be discharged from his present Confinement and also from his Apprenticeshipp and have Such further releife as to this honoble court shall seem meet

And yor petr. shall ever pray Etc.

