To the Worshipful His Majestys Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace Assembled

The Humble Petition of Herbert Robertson of Great Russell street Bloomsbury in the said County.

Sheweth That in Pursuance of two several Acts of Parliament, that is to say the 35. Geo. 3. C. 5, for raising Men for the Army and Navy your Pettionor as Clerk to the Justices for Holborn a Divist [...] in th [...] ived Directions from the Court in the Years 1795 and [...] to [...] the Magistrates of that Division to carry the said Acts into Execution, which he immediately did, and the Men were raised and disposed off with the almost dispatch, according to the directions of the said Acts within the times thereby stipulated.

That in Consequence thereof Your Petitioner had much trouble and incurred considerable Expences & in carrying the said Acts in to Execution within the said Division in the said Years and in the Year 1797; and a long time since made out, and transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace to be laid before your Worships, Accounts containing such Charges as he humbly conceived to be reasonable for such trouble, and also the Particulars of such Expences Vizt. under the said Act 35. Geo. 3 for raising Men for the Navy £35..0..5 and under the said Act 37. Geo. 3 for raising Men for the Army and Navy £34..10..8, making together the sum of £69..11..1

G.3 C.5. Sec.38 and [...] F.4.Sec.50 That your Petitioner received a Letter from Mr. Daniel Hinley dated the 20th of November last, intimating that he would lay your Petitioners said Accounts before the Meeting of Your Worships which was to be held on the Thursday then next following; but your Petitioner not having yet received any part of such Money, the humbly presumes to make this Application to your Worships, with a hope that in pursuance of the powers given to you by the said Acts [x] which provide for the giving (among others) to Clerks of Justices, Rewards for their Care and trouble in and about the execution of the said Acts [...] Expences relative thereto, as your Worshops shall Judge them to have deserved

Your Petitioner therefore humbly requests Your worships will be pleased to take the said Accounts so delivered by your Petitioner as aforesaid into consideration and direct that the same may be paid him as provided for by the said Acts or in such manner as Your Worships shall then to proper.

And Your Petitioner shall pray Etc

Herbt. Robertson 28th. October 1799

