To the Worshipfull his Majties: Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex At, their Sessions now held for the Said County at Hicks Hall in Samt John Street.

The humble Petition of George Gray Gentlemean

Sheweth. That Your Petitionrs: standing indicted at the General Quarter Sessions. of the Peace held for the County of Middlesex, at Hicks Hall, was by Bench for a trespass & misdemeanor Warrant, taken & brought before Mr Justice Blacker by on the 26th. day of may last & committed to Newgate by Justice Blacker by then refuseing takeing Bayle your Petitcon on offered.

That your Petitions. being brought in Court. the 3d. day of July last in Order be give Bayle & Plaid, your Petitions Bayle thros. the threats of the Prosecutor John Winn did not Attend to bayle your Petitionr. that the Court made an Order on your Petitionrs. Pleading not guilty for the said Jurtice Blaker by to take Bayle

That Your Petitionr. since the 3d. day of July has Caused severall Sufficient Housekeepers to attend with the Order of Court & gave notice to the Prosecutor John winn of their Bayleing your Petitionr. but the said Mr. Justice Blaker by has refused takeing any Bayle

Yor Petitionr most humbly Prays your Worshipps that in regard your Petitionr. has been Imprisoned above 3 Months & haveing pleaded not Guilty last Sessions. And the Proseactor John winn causing Bayle where bured being taken under false Presences, and the said Prowaction Malitions for your Petitioners Causeing a Writtlele made out agt. him & other, Which he and another wn. Arrested hewe by Order of the Lord Cheif Justice Hardwick filed Common Baylely Mr. Hands their Attorney whe hath received a Declaration in the said Suit now depending in the Court of Kings Bench, Not Tryed or discontinued. That the said Prosecutor John Winn may [---] this Sessions Try the said Indictment at his own Charges Your Petitionr. by reason of his long Confinement & Damage done not being able, to being on the Tryall. And that, if the said Tryall Shall be put of till ye next Sessionr by the Prosecutor, that the Court will be pleased to admitt two Housekeepers of five House Keepers offerred to be bayle. lefe [...] Mr. Justices Blaker by to be bayle for Your Petitioner

And your Petitionr. shall Ever Pray George Gray August 27th. 1735.

Request on the otherside may be taken Notice

