Middlesex to wit. 16th. Octr. 1769. To the Worshipfull his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in General or Quarter Sessions Assembled at Hicks's Hall in the said County

The Humble Petition of Thomas Shackley of Uxbridge in the said County of Middlesex Warrener.

Sheweth That your Petitioner on or about the 31st. day of July last was Served with an Order of Bastardy under the Hands and Seals of A. Aldridge and Thomas Fellows Esquires Two of his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the said County Stating that Martha Lawrence Singlewoman had on the 12th: of April last been delivered of a Female Bastard Child at Uxbridge in the said County Baptized by the Name of Anne which was become [---] to the said Town and that the said two Justices had adjudged your Petitioner to be the Reputed Father thereof And therefore Ordered for the Releif of the said Town and Maintenance of the said Bastard Child that your Petitioner should on Notice thereof Pay to the Chapel Wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Town of Uxbridge the Sum of two Pounds and Nine Shillings for and towards the Maintenance of the said Female Bastard Child to the time of Making the said Order And also to Pay the Sum of one Shilling and Six pence Weekly from that time for and towards the Maintenance and Releif of the said Bastard Child so long as the said Bastard Child should be Chargeable to the said Town of Uxbridge.

That your Petitioner thinks himself Agrieved by the said Order in [...] as he is not the real Father of the said Female Bastard Child, not having ever had any sort of Connection or Acquaintance whatsoever with the said Martha Lawrence

Your Petitioner therefore most Humbly Prays your Worships to Order the said Chapelwardens and Overseers of the said Town of Uxbridge to Appear Turnover

before your Worships at a certain day during this Present Sessions of the Peace to shew Cause before your Worships Why the said Adjudication and Order should not be Quashed and your Petitioner discharged therefrom, or that your Worships will be pleased to make such other Order in the premises as to your Worships shall Seem Meet.

And your Petrs. shall ever Pray Etc.

Coulthurst & Faner Sollrs. for the Appellant.

Middlesex ss. At the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of our Lord the King holden for the County of Middlesex at Hicks Hall in Saint John Street in the said County (by Adjournment) on Monday the Sixteenth day of October in the Ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the third King of Great Britain Etc

It is Ordered that the Chapel Wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the [---] Town of Uxbridge [...] in the County of Middlesex have Notice of this Appeal and that they and all Parties Concerned do Attend this Court on Thursday next at Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same day to hear and Abide the Judgmt. and Determination of the same Court touching the said Appeal.

By the Court Waller.

