To the Worshipfull the Bench of Justices Etc.

The humble Petition of Bowock John hopporton an Apprentice to Josph: Chalkley. of the parish of St. Sepulchre in the County. of Middx Stickmaker

Sheweth That Yor: Petr: was turn'd over from Wm: Masters July 30th: 1745 to the sd: Chalkley for the remaindr: of a Term of 7 Years Cor [...] eing from 7th: Ap: 1741 & that the sd: Chalkley did Covenant with the sd. Masters and yor: Petr: not only to Instruct him in the Art or Trade of Stick Making but to find him in sufficient Meat, Drink, Washing, Lodging, Appares & Mending during the remainder of the said Term: instead of wch: Yor: Petr: most humbly Complains that he hath (or many Months past been in a very tatterd and ragged Condition not having sometimes sufficient Cloaths to keep him from the Weather or even Cover his Makedness tho for many Weeks both the last Summer & Summer before the said Chalkley, his Wife & Maid Servant, was supported during two fits of Sickness by his Labour only.

That notwithstanding such his diligent behaviour when [...] Yor: Petr: reminded his Master of his Wants & desir'd Cloaths tho' in the most Submissive manner, he always flew into a Rage and frequently usd to beat and break Hicks upon him giving him very abusive Languag and threatuing him with Bridewell Etc and that the last time he begd for Cloaths he usd him in so Cutragious a Manner that he was forc'd to withdraw himself from his Masters Service, which his said Master told him he might do and be Damnd.

That Yor: Petr: lately applyd to Mr. Justice Poulson for a Warrt: for the sd: Assault and Abuse wch: was Granted but has not yet been servd, tho' he has attended several days to do it, his sd: Master absconding.

Yor: Petr: therefore humbly, Prays this Court will be pleas'd to take the prmisses into Consideration, and discharge him from his sd: Master or return him to his former or Grant him such other relief as to this Wors: Bench shall seem meet yt: he may be enabled to get his bread honestly and without fear and not be longer Exposd' to the Misery and Want under which he now languishes, no person of the Trade caring to employ him.

Bowock John Hopperton

And Yor. Petr. shall Pray Etc

