To the Worshipfull the Justices for the County of Middlesex Assembled At the General Quarter Session of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex at Hicks Hall in Saint John Street

The humble Petition of the several Master Taylors whose Names are hereunto Subscribed, on behalf of themselves and of the several other Master Taylors who Reside within those parts of the Weekly Bills of Mortality which are within the County of Middlesex

Sheweth k That at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the said County on Monday the 1st. day of July 1751. and from thence continued by several Adjournments until Thursday the 11th. day of the same Month of July Complaint being made unto that Court by several Master Taylors that a great many Journeymen Taylors had then exacted and insisted to have much greater Wages for their Work in making up Mens or Womens Cloaths than were Settled and ascertained by an Act of Parliament made in the 7th year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the first entitled An Act of Regulating the Journeymen Taylors within the Weekly Bills of Mortality But that the said Master Taylors in Order to prevent such Exactions of the future were willing that the Journeymen Taylors should be Allowed greater wages than were settled by the said Act of Parliament And for that Purpose they then made Application to that Court to Alter the Wages mentioned in the said Act and to Settle and Ascertain the Wages of the Journeymen Taylors in such manner as the said Court Should think reasonable and Just The Court thereupon by Virtue of the Power rested in them by the said Act Did Order that every Master Taylors inhabiting or residing in the City and Liberty of Westminster or in any other Part of the County of Middlesex within the Weekly Bills of Mortality should pay unto every Journeymen Taylor or other Person employed or to be Employed or retained as a Journeyman Taylor for his Work from 6 o Clock in the morning until 8 o Clock at Night until excepting only that there should be Allowed by the Master three half pence a day for breakfast and one hour for Dinner in the time aforesaid the Wages and Sums following that is to say from the 25th. day of March to the 29th. day of September 2s.6d a Day and from the 29th. day of September o the 25th. day of March 2s. a Day instead of the Sums mentioned in

the aforesaid Act

That at the General Sessions of the Peace holden for the said County at Hicks Hall aforesaid on Monday the 13th. of September 1756 and form thence continued to Thursday the 16th. of the same September upon the humble Petition and Representation of the said Master Taylors That Notwithstanding the said Recited Order of Sessions of the 11th. July 1751 several of the said Journeymen Taylors had Entred into divers unlawfull Combinations for refusing and Actually did refuse to work the several and respective hours by the said Order prescribed and directed That Court was pleased to Order That every Master Taylor and every Journeyman Taylor inhabiting or residing in the said City and Liberty of Westminster or in any other part of the said County of Middlesex with in the said Bills of Mortality should strictly Obey the said above in part recited Order of Sessions made the 11th. July 1751 And in Case of neglect or Refusal of either of the said Parties the said Act of Parliament in tha Case made should be Strictly put in Execution with a Recommedation to the several Justices of the Peace fort he said County for that purpose

That your Petitioners do with all thankfullness Acknowledge the Justices and protection which your Whorships [---] the Justices of the Peace in their several Divisions have been pleased to shew them on all Occasions Notwithstanding which your Petitioners are compelled to Inform your Worships that the said Journeymen Taylors have since the making and Publishing the said Orders Entered into several unlawfull Combinations and Confederacies to Increase their Wages and Absolutely refuses to Work at the Prices settled by the said Orders to the great Detriment of your Petitioners and which will Tend to the Destruction and Reim of your Petitioners and their said Trade

Your Petitioners desirous to prevent such Exactions for the future most humbly pray your Worships to take the Premisses into Consideration and that you will be pleased to make such Order in the Premisses as your Worships in your great Wisdom shall set meet and proper

And your Petitioners (as in Duty bound) shall ever Pray Etc

Andw. Richard Jno. Holland Henry Coppin James Webster Isaac Pearce Thos. Leigh Jas. Campbell Wm. Woodley

John Jackson Willm. Adams Jos. Molard William Morse Thos. Salisbury David Young Wm. Hagelston Andrw. Nash Leith & Fisher

John Thoarthwaise Geo: Mc Cannin John Sarman John Wittick Thos. Darby John Brewerton John Milbourne

Wm. Lightfoot Walter Smith Henry Pannerit Geo Findlay Wm. Deacon Thos. Stephens I Hutson

Wm. Fell Abraham Clegg Simson & Cartwright Geo. Mynitt

