To the honourable Thomas Lane Esquire Chairman at Hicks's Hall in Saint John Street in the County of Middlesex and the rest of the Justices of Sessions there being.

The humble Petition of William Chardin.

Sheweth That your Petitioner by Indentures of Apprenticeship bearing Date the 31st. Day of March 1756 legally Bound himself to Christian Roderkirk of the Liberty of Nortonfallgate Taylor for the Term of Seven Years from the Date thereof.

That your Petitioner hath Served two years and [...] Term of Seven years. During all which time your Petitioner hath in [...] Demeaned Conformed and behaved himself to his said Master as an Apprentice [...] ought to do. And yet his said Master hath often Treated your Petitioner Cruelly insomuch that he sometime in the month of June 1756 Struck your Petitioner (without any Provocation) in divers parts of his Body with his Fist and afterwards forced him our of his house, Upon which your Petitioner procured a Warrant from Sr. Samuel Gower but it was never Executed his said Master promising your Petitioner Friends that he would never be guilty of the like again.

That your Petitioner hath ever since till very lately continued with his said Master when your Petitioner (to avoid being Murthered) was Obliged to Abscond from his said Master For upon the Twentyth of September last his said Master coming home about one o' the Clock in the morning and finding his Wife not at Home (for she is Obliged often to Eloper for the Preservation of her life) he Obliged your Petitioner to get out of Bed to accompany him to go to hunt for his Wife and inregard the Wife could not be found upon his returning home he took down a Fowling piece (which your Petitioner a small time before saw him charge with Square pieces of Lead) and Swore he would kill your Petitioner and accordingly presented the said Piece at your Petitioner and Fired the same at about Forty yards Distance but through Gods Mercy he missed your Petitioner.

Your Petitioner therefore most humbly Prays Your Worship's that to [...] Murthered he may be Discharged from [...] Master or be otherwise relieved as your Worships shall seem meet.

And your Petitioner will Ever Pray Etc:

