To The Worshipful Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden at Hicks's Hall in and for the County of Middlesex on Tuesday the Thirtieth day of October 1770

The Humble Petition and Appeal of William Oxley of Virginia Street Radcliffe Highway in the County of Middlesex Gentleman

Sheweth That your Petitioner is the Owner of Two Houses adjorning together in the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow in Middlesex And he is also Owner of a Shop & Room contiquous to the said Houses, from one of which there is a Doorway into the said Shop and Room, but Mr. Richard Short as the Owner of the Ground & Buildings under and over the said Shop and Room has lately illegally turned your Petitioners Tenant William Bennell out of the said Shop & Room and pulled down all the Buildings over the same, And in Order to deprise your Petitioner of his Right to the said Shop and Room he threatens to build a Wall between the same and your Petitioners House in order to take the said Shop and Room into his own Buildings over and under the same.

That your Petitioners Houses being inclosed with a separate Partition from all Mr. Shorts Pemises both ever and under the said Shop and Room and Mr. Short Insisting on Building such Wall to exclude your Petitioner from his said shop and Room, the said Premises were viewed by Two Workman appointed by your Petitioner and Two by Mr. Sheet, And your Petitioners Workmen being of Opinion that the several Partitions between your Petitioners and Mr. Short's Premises were separate and not Party Partitions and unnecessary to be pulled down, and refusing therefore to Sign any Certificate concerning the same, Mr. Short upon Application to Burr camper Esquire and David Wilmot Esquire two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace procured Mr. Thomas Mutter his own Surveyor to be added to his other two workmen, who being all his own Workmen by Certificate of

13th. October 1770 certifyed that they found the soul Partitions ruinous and ought to be pulled down and a brick Wall built in their Stead according to Act of Parliament.

That your Petitioner conceives himself aggrieved by the said Certificate, In as much as by the Building of the said Brick Wall Your Petitioner will lose the Benefit of the said Shop and Room which he and those under whom he claims have been many Years in Possession of and received the Rents and Profits thereof.

Your Petitioner humbly Appeals to your Worships from the said Certificate, And prays that the same may be quashed, And that your Worships would be pleased to make such Order for your Petitioners Relief in the Premises as may be agreeable to Justice, but in regard the said Premises are in the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow which as your Petitioner apprehends, is out of the Bills of Mortality, Your Petitioner humbly submits to your Worships whether Your Jurisdiction extends thereto.

And Your Petitioner shall Pray Etc.

Wm Allen Sollr. for the Appellant.

