To the Right Worshipfull his Majties. Justices of the peace for the County of Middx att their Genr Sessions of the peace Assembled

The Humble Petion of Danl. Waite of the parish of St. Sepulchres without in Com Middx Groser Etc

Humbly Sheweth That Your Petionr. in July Sessions Last Obtained An Order from this Court Wherein the Suin of one hundred pounds was to be raised in the Hundred of Osuslton by Way of Assesment upon the Inhabitants thereof to- rembursh him the money Leveyed in him on Accot. of a Robery Comitted on Robert Bent Gent that Pursuant to such order John Fuller And Wm. Colesworth Esqrs. Isued out their Warrts. to the Sevl. High Constables of the Severall Divisions within the sd. Hundred of Osulston for them together with their petty Constables to Make Raties & Collect the sd. Sume of one Hundred pounds & to pay the money so Collected by them into the hands of the sd. Justices or one of them within tenn Days after ther receipt thereof in order that [---] Your Petionr. may be paid & Satisfied thesd. Moneys so leveyed on Your Petionr.

That Thesd. High Constables have for a Considerable time pash Collected And raised Sevl. Sums of Money from Sevl. Parishs' within their Divisions And do still keep thesd. Money in their hands Contrary to the Warrts. to them Directed as aforesd. & altho' they have been required to pay the same Yet Neglect so to Do & Particularly William Kind Gent high Constable of Westmr. Division Joseph Pritty Gent High Constable of the Tower Diviscior & Wm. Lansdale Gent High Constable of Kensington Division & other Petty Constables who have now in their hands Severall Sums of Money by them Collected As aforesd. And Neglect to pay the same as aforesd.

Your Petionr. therefore Humbly Prays Your Worships & this Honble Court to Make an Order that the sd. High Constables & Petty Constables share [...] pay the sd. Money by them received as Aforesd. to the sd. Justices or one of them or Make Such further Order therein as Your Worships shall think fitt Etc

And Your Petionr Shall for Ever Pray Etc for Father Daniel Waite Danl. Waite

