To the Worshipful the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their Sessions Assembled.

The Humble Petition of John Ambrose.

Sheweth That by Indenture bearing Date the 6th: Day of June in the Year of Our Lord 1751 Your Petitioner did put himself Apprentice to John Newbery of the Parish of St: Clement Danes in the County of Middlesex Perukehmaker for the Term of Seven Years from the Date of the Sd: Indenture

That the sd: John Newbery in Consideration of Twenty Pounds to him paid by Mrs: Mary Ann Reynolds of the Parish of St: George Hanover Square for and on behalf and in Charity to your Petitioner Did thereby covenant to teach and instruct your Petitioner in the Art of a Perukemaker which he then Used and also to find & provide for your Petitioner sufficient Meat Drink Washing and Lodging & all other Necessarys during the sd: Term And also Sufficient good & fitting Wearing Apparel of all Sorts and which at the End of the said Term was to be in as good sort and condition as what the sd. John Newbury received your Petitioner with Inconsideration whereof the sd: John Newbury received Ten Pounds the more as by the sd: Indenture relation thereunto being had will appear:

That the Sd: John Newbury carried on the Business of a Peruke Maker from the Time your Petr: was bound to him untill about Christmas last and during that Time had Business Sufficient to Imploy Several Journeymen whereby Your Petitioner had an Opportunity of Learning his Business But the sd: John Newbury (through Misfortune as your Petitioner apprehends failing in his Circumstances) hath not from Christmas last had any Business to Employ any Person but your Petitioner And the sd: John Newbery was obliged and did about Midsummer last totally leave off his Business and Quit his House and has not been in or done any Business since whereby your Petitioner hath ever since and still remains unemployed by the sd. John Newbery and is not in any way of Learning his sd: Trade.

That the sd. John Newbery being so out of his Business the sd. Mary Ann Reynolds Enquired for another fit and proper Master for your Petitioner to serve

out the Remainder of his Apprenticeship and having found one Mr. Robert Hunter of the Parish of St. James Westminster Peruke Maker to be a Proper Person Application was thereupon made to the said John Newbery to Assign your Petitioner over to the sd. Robert Hunter for the Remainder of the Time But the sd. John Newbery hath refused and Still doth refuse so to do unless he is paid a Consideration of Two Guineas or some such Sum of Money

Therefore your Petitioner humbly prays that your Worships would be pleased to order that the said John Newbury may Assign your. Petitioner to the said Robert Hunter being the Person approved of both by the said Mary Ann Reynolds And your Petitioner for the remainder of his said time now to Come and that the sd: John Newbery may be [...] also Ordered to return so much of the sd. Twenty Pounds Consideration Money paid to him as to your Worships shall seem meet Or that your Petitioner may Discharged or be otherwise relieved the Premises as your Worships shall think proper

And Your Petitioner shall ever pray Etc.

Mackay atter" for John Ambrose

