To the Right Worshipfull his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex at the Generall Sessions Assembled

The Humble Petition of Alexander Dobson Father of James Dobson

Sheweth That Your Petitioner on the 19th. Septr. 1752 put the sd. James Dobson his Son an Apprentice to David Watson of the Parish of St. Martin in the fields in the County of Middlesex Taylor with him to Live & Learn his sd. Business and to serve him as his Apprentice for the Term of 7 Years but instead of 7 years Your Petr. finds that his Son is bound for 8 years

That Your Petrs. Son continued to serve the said David Watson as his Apprentice for about 5 Years and a half but during the whole time the sd. David Watson did not Teach or Instruct Your Petitioners Son in his said Business of a Taylor but made Use of him as a Porter to run of Errands Upon which Yr. Petrs. son left his sd. Masters Service but was Prevailed on by his Master severall times to return on his Masters Promissing to get some person to run of Errards in order that he might the better follow his Employment which promisses his Mar. never performed but instead thereof threatned to send Your petrs. Son to Bridewell if he did not do whatever work his Master thought proper to put him to which Obliged Your Petrs. Son to leave his sd Mars. Service

That Your Petrs. Son finding his Master disfrosed not to Teach him his Business hath with the Consent of Your Petitioner entred himself on board of a Man of Warr & to fit him out properly for such Service Your Petitioner hath been at a great Expence & altho' Yr. Petrs. Son wod. have served his sd. Master as an Apprentice ought to do If his Master wod. have learn't him his Trade Yet the sd. David Watson threatons he with receive your Petrs. Sons Wages on board the sd. ship & hath actually bros. an Action agt. a friend of Yr. Petrs. who for some little time employed your Petrs. Son to Work at his Business of a Taylor the Wages for which Work Your Petr. hath recd. in Order to Maintain his sd. Son which he was at Work as afsd.

Wherefore & for as much as the sd. Indenture is not as Yr. Petr. is advised sufficient in Law to bind his sd. Son to Serve out the Remained of his time with his sd. Master Yr. Petr. therefore most Humbly Prays Yr. Worships will be pleased to discharge Your Petrs. Son from his sd. Master Or that Your Worships will make such Order for Yr. Petrs. relief as to Yr. Worships shall seem meet

And Your Petitioner will Ever Pray Etc. Alexr Dobson

