To the Worshipful His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Session of the Peace Assembled.

The Humble Petition of James Little of Newport Street.

Sheweth That your Petitioner is a Coach Master Residing at the Plough Newport Street in the County of Middlesex and employs among other Carriages, a Coach Licenced by the Commissioners for Regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs No. 545 for which pays to Government a Duty of £ 26 per Annum.

That your Petitioner was on or about the 18th. day of August last summoned before John Spiller Esqr. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County for keeping and employing a certain Coach as a Public Stage Coach for the purpose of Conveying Passenger for Hire to and from different places within the Kingdom of Great Britain, to wit, to Piccadilly from Fulham without having asis Alledged first obtained a Licence for that purpose in manner prescribed by the Statute in that Case made and provided.

That it appeared in Evidence before the said Magistrate that the Coach so complained of for having been worked as a Stage Coach within the

distance aforesaid was one and the same identical Coach for which the Commissioners for Licencing & Regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs had Granted your Petitioner a Licence to work within certain Districts under their Authority or Juris diction and for which your Petitioner pay'd the said Duty of £26 per Annum and that such Coach was worked within such District only.

That the said Magistrate notwith sanding such Evidence Convicted your Petitioner of the Offence stated in such Summons and Ordered your Petitioner to pay the penalty imposed by the said Act when your Petitioner entered into a Recognizance in Order to Appeal against such Convicted.

That your Petitioner apprehends the said Magistrate hath erred in his Judgment Relative to such Conviction and therefore

Your Petitioner prays that he may be heard by himself or his Counsel in the Nature of Appeal against such Conviction in the present General Quarter Session of the Peace.

And your Petitioner shall pray.

