To the Worshipful his Majestys Justices of the peace for the County of Middlesex in General Session Assembled

The Humble Petition of Ephraim Rinhold Seehl and John Emerson Surveyors of the Highways of the parish of St. Leonard Bromley in the said County of Middlesex

Sheweth That your Petitioners were at a Special Session at the Angel and Crown Tavern in White Chapel within the said County on the Fourteenth day of October last before Sir Robert Darling Knight John Smart Esquire Robert Poll Esquire and Richard Hare Esquire Four of his Majesty's Justices of the peace for the said County of Middlesex Nominated and appointed Surveyors of the Highways of the parish of Bromley Saint Leonard aforesaid in pursuance and conformable to which said Appointment your Petitioners took upon and entered into their said Office accordingly, and at the Time your Petitioners so entered into the said Office. They found the Highways within the said Parish of Bromley Saint Leonard much broken and in great Decay forward of repairation.

That your Petitioners on the first on Second Sunday in January last caused [...] in the Church [...] ing to the said parish of Br [...] Saint Leonard of the Time and place when and where all Persons Inhabitants of the said Parish and liable to Perform Statute Duty on the Highways within the parish aforesaid and Inclinable to compound for the same might pay their Composition in lieu thereof pursuant to the Statute in such Case made and provided

That your Petitioners Did accordingly receive the Composition from all such Inhabitants who were Inclined to pay the same in lieu of their said Statute Duty and have Diligently and faithfully applied all such Monies so received as aforesaid for and towards the repairing and Amending the Highways within the said Parish of Bromley Saint Leonard, and that such other Inhabitants of the said Parish who did not pay their Composition have Worked and Laboured in the Amendment of the said Highways in the parish aforesaid or paid the penalty the Law Directs for refusalor neglect Notwithstanding which your Petitioners find the said Highways in the parish aforesaid are not well and Sufficiently repaired and amended, and that the same cannot be repaired and amended by the means aforesaid

Dates the 6th: day of September 1769 Your Petitioners therefore humbly pray your Worships will be pleased to take the premises in to consideration and grant them [...] [...] an Assessment [...] upon all and every the Occupiers of Lands Tenement [...] and Here dilaments within the said parish of Bromley Saint Leonard thereby to enable your Petitioners Sufficiently to repair and amend the same and that your Petitioners did on Sunday last cause Notice to be given in the Parish Church to the Inhabitants of the said Parish of such their Intention to apply to your Worships for that Purpose

And your Petitioners will pray Etc Ephrm Rinhold Seehl John Ennson} Surveyors

