To the Right Worshipful His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County of Middlesex at their General Quarter Session of the Peace assembled and holden at the New Session House on Clerkenwell Green in and for the said County

The Humble Petition and Appeal of John Wright of Kingsbury in the County of Middlesex aforesaid Butcher on behalf of himself and divers other Inhabitants and Occupiers of Houses and Lands in the said Parish of Kingsbury

Sheweth That on or about the 4th. day of June last past a Rate or Assessment for the relief of the Poor of the said Parish of Kingsbury was made and signed by the major part of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish and afterwards allowed and confirmed by two of his Majesty's Justices of the Purse in and for the County of Middlesex

That your Petitioner humbly apprehends himself aggrieved by the said Rate or Assessment And has (as he conceives) divers material Objections against the same

First For that your Petitioner is rated in the said Rate or Assessmt. at the Yearly Rent of £210: for a Farm called Grove Farm and 89. Acres of Meadow Land with a House and Out buildings thereon Whereas he only pays for the same the Yearly Rent of £170 exclusive of the Land Tax which is £21..5s..Pr Annum making together the Sum of £191..5s..

Second For that your Petitioner is also rated in the said Rate or Assessment. at the yearly Rent of £13. for a Field called Quarters Field which ought to be rated at £9 Pr Annum only. Also for a Field called Lewins at £24 Pr Annum which ought to be rated at £21 Pr Annum only Also for Thirty one Acres of Meadow Land and two small Houses at £86 Pr Annum which ought to be rated at £70. Pr Annum only

Third For that a Capital House and 54 Acres of Meadow Land in the Occupation of Thomas Allsop an Inhabitant of the said Parish of Kingsbury is rated in the said Assessment at £100. Pr. Annum only. Whereas the same ought to be rated a £140 Pr. Ann.

Fourth For that Thirty Acres of Meadow Land in the Occupation of Michael Coomes and Inhabitant of the said Parish of Kingsbury are rated in the said Assessment at £40 Pr. Annum only Whereas the same ought to be rated at £60 Pr. Annum Also that Seventy Acres of Meadow Land in the Occupation of the said Michael Coomes are rated at £80 Pr Annum only Whereas the same ought to be rated at £130 Pr. Annum Also that five Acres of Meadow Land in the Occupation of the said Michael Coomes are rated at £5 Pr Ann only Whereas the same ought to be rated at £10 Pr. Ann

Fifth For that Eleven Acres of Meadow Land in the Occupation of Joseph Nicolls an Inhabitant of the said parish of Kingsbury are rated in the said Assessmt. at £13 Pr. Annum only Whereas the same ought to be rated at £24 Pr Annum

Sixth For that Fourteen Acres of Meadow Land in the Occupation of John Weedon an Inhabitant of the said Parish are rated at £10 Pr Ann Whereas the same ought to be rated at £28 Pr Annum

Seventhly For that the Name or Names of one or more Inhabitants and Occupiers of Houses and Lands in the said Parish of Kingsbury who ought by the Laws of this Real no to be charged to the relief of the Poor of the said Parish of Kingsbury are totally omitted in the said Rate and nothing charged on them

Wherefore and for as much as your Petitioner and several other Inhabitants of the said Parish are greatly injured by the inequality of the said Rate or Assessment and by Persons being considerably undercharged or not charged at all therein

Your Petitioner therefore humbly prays that this Court will be pleased to appoint a Day to hear and determine the matter touching your Petitioners said Appeal and Objections

And that the said Rate or Assessment may be quashed or amended in such manner as shall be necessary for the giving such Relief to your Petition as the nature of his Case doth and may require.

And your Petitioner shall ever pray Etc.

John Wright

