To the Worshipful His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Session of the Peace Assembled.

The Humble Petition of John Gibbs of Dorset Mews.

Sheweth That your Petitioner is a Coach Master Residing in Dorset Mews in the County of Middlesex & Employ Among other Carriages a Coach Licenced by the Commissioners for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs No.18 for which he pays to Government a Duty of £26 per Annum.

That your Petitioner was on or about the 18th. day of August last Summoned before John Spiller Esqr. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County for keeping and employing a certain Coaches as a Public Stage Coach for the purpose of Conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different places within the Kingdom of Great Britain, to wit, to Kew Bridge from Piccadilly without having as is Alledged fiot Obtained a Licence for that purpose in manner prescribed by the Statute in that case made and provided.

That it appeared in Evidence before the said Magistrate that the Coach so complaint of for having been worked as a Stage Coach within the Distance

aforesaid was one and the same identical Coach for which the Commissioners for Licening and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs had granted you Petitioner a Licence to work within certain Districts under their Authority or diction and for which your Petitioner pay'd the said Duty of £26 per Annum and that such Coach was Worked within such District only.

That the said Majestrate notwithstanding such Evidence Convicted your Petitioner of the Offence Hated in such Summons and ordered your Petitioner to pay the penalty improved by the said Act when your Petition entered into a Recognizance in Order to Appeal against such Conviction.

That your Petitioner apprehends the said Magistrate hath [...] vied in his Judgment relative to Such Conviction and therefore

Your Petitioner prays that he may be heard by himself or his Counsel in the Nature of Appeal Against such Conviction in the present General Quarter Session of the Peace.

And your Petitioner shall pray

