To the Rt. Worshipful His Maties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlx in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace Assembled.

The humble Petition of John Cooper and Henry Parker Overseers of the poor of the Liberty of Glass house Yard in the Parish of St. Botolph's without Aldersgate in the County

Sheweth That by the several Precepts hereunto Annex'd directed to the Church Wardens and Overseers of the Poor and Constables of the Parish of St. Giles without Cripplegate and to the Overseers of the Poor and Constable of the Liberty of Glass-house Yard in the said County by John Rose Gentl High Constable of the Division of Finsbury, the sd Parish & Liberty are required to Pay unto him the following Summs viz For the Marshalsea, Kings Bench and Hospitals for ye Year 1722 the Summ of eight Shillings and eight pence for main'd Soldiers and Mariners two pounds, three shill & four pence, and For Passing Conveying and Maintaining of Rogues, Vagabonds & Vagrants the Summe of Eighteen Pounds, Nineteen Shills & tenn pence; which several Summs amount in the whole to twenty pounds, eleven Shills. & tenn pence, And that ye Church- Wardens & Overseers of the Poor of the sd. Parish of St Giles without Cripplegate do insist that Yor. Petitioners as Overseers of the poor of the sd. Liberty ought to pay one fifth part of the sd Summ of £20.11.10. which will Amount to abt. ye Sum of £4.2.4

That the sd. Parish of St. Giles wthout Cripplegate is divided into four Libertys and that in the whole upon a Moderate Computacon there are not less than two thousd. five hundd. Inhabitants therein who pay to the Poors Rate, Whereas in the sd Liberty there are not above one hundd. & forty three who pay to the Assessment for ye reliefe of the poor there; So that Yor. Petitionrs. humbly Conceive it would be a very great hardship upon the Inhabitants of the sd Liberty to pay a fifth part of the sd Summ of £20.11.10. especially considering the great number of Inhabitants in ye sd. Parish over & above what there are in the sd. Liberty For which Reasons Yor. Petitioners Appeal to this Court.-And Pray that this Court will be pleas'd to Grant them such relief in the Premisses as to this Court shall seem meet & Convenient. And Yor. Petitioners Shall ever Pray Etc.

John Cooper Henry Parker

