[...] Right worshipfull his majesties Justices of the Peace County of Middx in their Generall Sessions of [...] all assembled

The humble Peticon and appeal of Thomas Millisent

Sheweth That by an order dated the 11th: day of april last under the hands & seals of Wm. Hayton & Robt. Tothill Esquires Two of his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middx (Quor unus) Inhabiting in or next unto the Limits of the Parish Church of the Parish of St. James Clerkenwell in the sd. County your Petr. by the name of Thomas Mellison is adjudged to be the Putative Father of a male bastard Child born in the sd. Parish of St. James on the body of Elizabeth Lawson singlewoman On the Twenty fourth day of February last which Child is Chargeable to the sd. Parish as is alledged in the sd. order

And your Petr. is thereby ordered to Pay the Churchwardens & Overseers of the Poor of the sd. Parish of St. James Clerkenwell for their Charges about the sd. male bastard Child five shillings for the midwife and ten Shillings P week for the four first weeks from the birth of the sd. bastard Child and also the Sum of two shillings & six pence P week weekly & Every week from & after the End of the sd. four weeks for & towards the Relief and Maintenance of the sd. bastard Child for So long time at the sd. Child shall be Chargeable to the sd. Parish and That your Petr. shall Indeminfy the sd. Parish and the Parish Officers of the same and their successors of & from all Cost & Charges for or in respect, of the sd. male bastard Child and also give Sccarity to Perform the sd. order, otherwise to appear, in this Court the next Genl. Qr. Sessions to Answer, the sd. matter and to abide such order as this Court Or the major part thereof shall think fitt to make therein

That your Petr. finds himself aggrieved by the sd. recited Order of the sd. two Justices and humbly appeals to this Court against the same

Your Petr. therefore humbly prays That your worships will please to appoint a day for the Hearing & Determining of the sd. appeal and that your Petr. may be Relieved herein according to Law & Justice

And your Petr. shall Pray Etc Thomas Millisent

