To The Honorable Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of the Peace

The humble Petition of Elizabeth Nettlefold

Sheweth

That your Petitioners Son Edward Nettlefold a Youth of 16 Years ago was Indicted at the present Sessions for an assault on Mrs. Wrightsons his Mistress and was found guilty and sentenced two months imprisonment in the House of Correction-

That upon the Trial it did seem to your Honor and the Court that the Prisoner was incorrigible and stubborn, ant your Petitioner humbly cropes your Honor will give Credit to her when she solimerly declares to your Honor, that the Prisoner when before your Honor, and the Court; was in the utmost distress of mind, and was willing and amcious to solicit pardon for his offence; but being ill advised, and not capable of judging for himself; trusted to his Counsel to make his defence & although your Petitioner and a Mr. Borris of Mile End were material witnesses they were neglected to be called [...]

That your Petitioner's Son is a lad of abrupt manners and uncouth Address and has not ability to convince your House and the Court how sensible he is of the mormity of his Offence That your Petitioner visited him in the Prison and found him in such anguish of mind that he was incapable of speaking to hens your Petitioner is firmly persuaded the prisoner will make every atonement and concession that a contrite heart and submission spirit can do

That the Prisoner requested and prayed your Petitioner to ask your House and the Court for his forgiveness and to declare how sensible he was [...] and ashamed of his crime that he entreated to ask [...] Pardon and by a an [...] remitting attention and upright conduct in future endeavor to [...] [...] obliterate his past offence

That your Petitioner has been at Edmonton with Mr & Mrs. Wrightson who declared they were every for the lad and very uneasy on account of his situation that they freely forgave him on account of his contrition and hoped the Court would consider of the same

That your Petitioner has not rested night or days has suffered the greatest against and distress of mind on account of her Sons Imprisonment

Your Petitioner humbly supplicates your Honor and the Court to extend their Mercy to the Prisoner and to remit the sentence the Prisoner being conscious of his guilt and entreating to ash for giveness of your Honor and the Court and his wrongly offended Mistress That your Honor will deign to hear this Petition of a distressed widow and great her the desired Relief is the only hope she has to relieve her from despair and sorrow and

Your Petitioner will ever Pray for the humanity and [...] of your Honor.

The contents of this Petition are true

E Nttlefold

