To the Right Worpll: her Maties: Justices of the peace for the County of Middlesex

The humble Peticon of John Mackley. Churchwarden. John Wybird [...] [...] and Thomas Scott on behalf of themselves and Several other of the ancient and cheife Inhabitants of the Liberty of Church end And Hoxton in the Parish of St Leonard Shoreditch in the said County.

Sheweth That your Peticoner did according to an ancient usage and Custom of the said Liberty meete at the Vestry House of the said Parish on Monday the tenth day of this instant January. And did then by Mr [...] Majority of the Inhabitants then present elect and choose. Thomas Leech Beadle for the said Liberty for the year endueing a person fittly quallified for the said place, and who hath for about Twelve year's beene Beadle of the said Liberty.

Yet may it please this Honble: Court not withstanding such fair election One William Darby who at the same time was chosen Constable of the said Liberty doth refuse to accept of the said Thomas Leech to be Beadle, and hath taken one Loyd to be Beadle who knows but very little relateing to that matter, neither is able to assist the Churchwardens in Parish busines as the Beadles of the said Parish constantly doe, and moreover that one Mr. Hyham who at the same time was chosen a Headborough for the said Liberty did forceably take away the paper wherein the ancient Inhabitants. then present had Subscribed, for the said Thomas Leech to be Beadle, and refuseth to produce the Same.

Tho: Scott Wm Jermyn Your Peticonrs: therefore humbly pray of this Honble: Court that the said Thomas Leech may be confirmed in the said Office of Beadle, for that the Wages and Sallary, of the Beadle is always paid by the Inhabitants of the said liberty and also that the said Mr. Hyham: may be Ordered to produce the said Paper, by him taken away & detain'd or otherwise as your worpps. in your grave Wisdoms Shall so fitt

And your Peticonrs. Shall ever pray. Etc

John Olley Edward Harrison Richd Ivory Ralph Kemp Mick: Roberts Ralph Thompson James Beawell John Jewkes Thomas markrey John Cann Richard flaget Timothy Stiff Edmond Dawson

John Hews George Allam Henray Hobb Nath: Dannalld Charles Bonapart [...] John Baynakin Robert Bennett John Walter Rafe Bingham Thomas Heath Martyn Fryer John Cash John Hawkins

Robert Hemin John Mackley} Church Wardens

Matthew Deane John Timmings John Wiburdson Wm: Underhill Abraham woodcock William Wood Henry Ledd [x] his Me [...] Jeremy yeates John Bull John Aslatt

