To Thomas Lane Esqr. the Rest of his Majesties Justices of Oyer & Terminer for the County of Middlesx The King Plt agt. Isabella Sharpe Deft} For Willfull and Court Perjury

The Humble Petition of the Defendt:

Sheweth That Your Petitioner now is and for Nine Years last past hath been a Licenced Hawker And being on the 19th. day of August last Charged with a Warrant Granted by Joseph St. Lawrence Esqr. against your Petr. for Perjury upon the Information of Bartholomew Robinson She was Carried below the said Mr. St. Lawrence and there then Appeared James Clarkson of Little Britton Carpenter & John Maxwell of Duck Lane Shoemaker both Sufficient House Keepers and Citizens of London who came with Intent to be Your Petrs. Bail But they were both intimidated by the said Mr. Robinson and presented from becoming Bail for your Petrs. as they Intended so that Your Petr. was that day Commited to the Gatehouse for Want of Bail where She remained three Weeks and a Bill being found against her She was the Session before last Removed to the Prison of Newgate and her Try all put off the two last Sessions by the Prosecutor So that She hath been Fifteen Weeks in Custody and Unable to give Bail and her 3 Small Children for the want of Her Industry & Labour in her Business are almost Perished for Want And the Prosecutor boldly Says he will Whatever it Costs him keep of her Try all this Present Sessions and that She shall lay in Prison till Janry: Next and if he is not Prevented from so doing by the Clemency & Justice of this Court Your Petr. and her 3 Children must Inevitably Perish for Want Such Unpresidented Cruelty which She humbly hopes this Honorable Court will not Suffer.

Your Petr. therefore most humbly Prays Your Worships will be pleased to Admitt her to be tryed this Present Sessions She having given Notice to the Prosecutor for Tuesday Next or that She may be discharged upon her own & her husbands Recognigance.

And Yr. Petr. as in Duty bound shall ever Pray Isbella Sharpe

