[...] pursuance of the said ordr. of Petty Sessions and in pursuance of the precept from the High Constable as aforesaid yor Petrs made a reterne of Eleaven able and Honest House holders in order for their Worships approveing of Seven of them to be Overseers of the poor for this present year for the said liberty all which said persons names were given to Mr Metcalfe the day before for his purusall:

That Seven of the said persons (vizt) Richard Sherman Arthur Yarwell Wm. Gill Thomas Bournham Richard Hilliard Hugh Duckworth and John Cox were allowed and Approved of as Overseers under the hands and seales of the Justices att their Petty Sessions aforesaid and on Sunday last were together with the Churchwarden proclaimed Overseers in the parish Church of Snt. Andrew Holbourne

That not with standing all which yor. Petrs. to their greatt Surprize are Informed that three persons haveing the Assistance of one John Leonard formerly turned out of being an Overseer by this Court tooke upon them to Act as Overseers for the poor of the sid liberty and Sumoned and paid the Casuall poor the day before their money was due to them the persons name as yor Petitionrs. are Informed that acted as Overseers are John Wisewall a Person who formerly served the said office one John Wilfanck a forreigner and Thomas Dorrinton two persons that are very little Known to yor Petitionrs

That Yor Petitionrs are likewise Informed that the said Leonard takes upon him to procure a poores rate to be made and to gett the said persons to Sign the same all which proceedings are gainst diverse orders of Generall quarter sessions made by this Court and in Contempt there of and doth make greatt geatts and dirissions amongst the Inhabitants of the said liberty and Occassions greatt expence and trouble to them unless releived by this Court (from whom yor Petrs have akeaies had Justice done them under the like Oppression)

Whereof and for as much as your Petr have not only obeyed an order of Generall quarter sessions made by this Court the seventeenth of Aprill guar to Anne Rne Which requires persons to attend att the known and usuall place where Petty sessions have been usually held for that divission and have gott a legall order from the Petty sessions held att Bloomsbsury aforesaid for the Confirming the said seven Overseers as aforesaid and for as much as all the said Persons are men of Ability and good repute humbly pray that they may be Confirmed:

And yor Petrs: as in duty bound shall ever pray Etc

Richd Jackson Churchwardin Tho Dodd Lenny Auger Richard Davison Jer Lewin Geo: Simpson Geo: Shaw David Fleming Edward Heather Geo: [...] Wm. Strode Saml Dull Richd: Isbell

Tho Townley James Stephen John Carleton Robt. Heming Edn: Sedley Tho: Spurgeon Adam Alice Joseph Barner Robr. Emmerson John Anker John Smith Will: Coward

Gabriell Bayly Robert Slape Tho: Alder Dan: Kirton Ed: Arthur Robt: Ashborne Tho: Holloway Tho Perkins Lionell Hurlock Rich: Hartt Thomas Clarke

Benj: Adams Chr: Booth Ro: Hartley J Johnson Tho: Goodwin Tho: Wesherall Henry Hall

