To The Worshipfull her Maties Justices of the Peace att their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace att Hicks hall in the County of Middx now Assembled

The Humble Petition of Mr Richard Jackson Churchwarden of the Parish of Snt. Andrews Holbourne in the Liberty above the Barrs the Court Leett Gurey and severall of the Antient Inhabitants in behalfe of the inselves and diverse others the Inhabitants of the said Parish:

Humbly Sheweth That on Easter Tuesday last a warrant was Issued forth from Severall Justices mett att a Petty Sessions held att Bloomsbury to Mr. Mills the high Constable of that divission requireing of him to Issue forth precepts to the respective parishes within his said Divission to being in lists of fitt and proper persons to serve the Offices of Overseers of the poor for each respective Parish

That the said High Constable made out precepts pursuant to the said warrant one whereof he sent to Mr Thomas Spurgeon a Constable for the liberty above the Barrs there in requireing him to give notice to the Parishoners to make a returne of fitt persons the next day to the Petty sessions att Bloomsbury for Overseers of the poor for that part of the parish of Snt. Andrews Holboarne as in the liberty above the Barrs.

That on the said day and hour your Petrs. were ordered to attend the Sessions att Bloomsbury some of your Petrs had notice that Mr. Metcalfe caused a Petty Sessions to be kept att the Kings head taverne in Holbourne and required severall of the Inhabitants at attend there contrary to the Order of the seventeenth of Aprill Quarto Anne Rne

That in pursuance of the said ordr. of Petty Sessions and in pursuance of the precept from the High Constable as aforesaid yor Petrs made a reterne of Eleaven able and Honest House holders in order for their Worships approveing of Seven of them to be Overseers of the poor for this present year for the said liberty all which said persons names were given to Mr Metcalse the day before for his purusall:

That Seven of the said persons (vizt) Richard Shermaman Arthur Yarwell Wm. Gill Thomas Bournham Richard Hilliard Hugh Duckworth and John Cox were allowed and Approved of as Overseers under the hands and seales of the Justices att their Petty Sessions aforesaid and on Sunday last were together with the Churchwarden proclaimed Overseers in the parish Church of Snt. Andrew Holbourne

That not with standing all which yor. Petrs. to their greatt Surprize are Informed that three persons haveing the Assistance of one John Leonard formerly turned out of being an Overseer by this Court tooke upon them to Act as Overseers for the poor of the said liberty and Sumoned and paid the Casuall poor the day before their money was due to them the persons name as yor Petitionrs. are Informed that acted as Overseers are John Wisewall a Person who formerly served the said office one John Wilfanck a forreigner and Thomas Dorrinton two persons that are very little Known to yor Petitionrs

That Yor Petitionrs are likewise Informed that the said Leonard takes upon him to procure a poores rate to be made and to gett the said persons to Sign the same all which proceedings are against diverse orders of Generall quarter sessions made by this Court and in Contempt there of and doth make greatt geatts and dirissions amongst the Inhabitants of the said liberty and Occassions greatt expence and trouble to them unless releived by this Court (from whom yor Petrs have akeaies had Justice done them under the like Oppression)

Whereof and for as much as your Petr have not only obeyed an order of Generall quarter sessions made by this Court the seventeenth of Aprill guar to Anne Rne Which requires persons to attend att the known and usuall place where Petty Sessions have been usually held for that divission and have gott [...] from the Petty sessions held att Bloomsbury aforesaid for the Confirming the said seven Overseers as aforesaid and for as much as all the said Persons are men of Ability and good repute humbly pray that they may be Confirmed:

[...]

