To the Worshipfull Bench of Justices Sitting at Hicks's Hall for the County of Middlesex.

The Humble Petition of Caleb Holford

Sheweth. That Your Petr. by Warrt. of Mr. Justice Robe was Comitted to New Prison as being Charged on Oath for Assaulting & Strikeing Mary the [...] Wife of Mr Smith who keeps a Brandy & Geneva Warehouse in Charter house Lane.

That Your Petr. was Comitted on the 19th. of June last And at the Quarter Sessions then next holden was Ordd. to remain in Prison That Your Petr. accordingly continued in the said Prison for Nine Weeks And then was Bayles before Mr Justice Troughton.

That before your Petr. had been out of the said Prison 8. Days he the said Mr. Smith caused your Petr. to be again taken up and by Warrant of Sr Francis Forbes Knt. Comitted to Woodstreet Compter from whence the was Conveyed to the Sessions at the Old Bayly Were No Indictment being brought or any Appearing against your Petr. he was Discharged and in regard to his Poverty Desmist without paying any Fees.

That during such your Petrs. Imprisonment in Woodstreet Compter He the said Mr. Smith caused a Bill of Indictmt. to be found agt your Petr And A Bench Warrt. for Default of his Non Appearance and Entring into Sureties to try the Travers thereof And Your Petr. being at Southwark Fair Endeavouring to promise an honest Maintenance for himselfe and Family was Againe taken up by the said Smith and by Justice Machen Comitted to the New County Goal for surry for Default of such Sureties

That for as much as your Petr. hath been these 12 Weeks past Confined in the said County Goal in a Starving Condicon And the said Smith refuses to be at the Costs of A habeas to remove your Petr. And for that Your Petr. cannot remove himselfe and the said Smith Endeavours to Cause your Petr. to Perish in Goal and his Family starve Abroad

Your Petr. in Tender Consideracon of the Premisses his long Confinement in the Severall Prisons aforesd. his Extreame Poverty and Hardships under which your poor Petr. dayly Labours That this Worshipfull Bench will be pleasd to Superseede such the aforesd. Warrt. Granted against your Petr Or to grant Such Order for your Petrs Enlargement and Releife in the Prmises As to your Worshipps great Wisdom shall seem meet

And your Petr. as in Duty bound shall pray Etc.

Caleb Halford

