To the Worshipfull Chairmen and to the rest of the Worshipfull Bench of Justices now Setting at Hicks Hall in St. John Street in the County of Middx.

The Humble petition of John Brabun now a prisioner in his Majesties Goal of Newgate.

Sheweth

That yr. petitioner was the 29th. day of November 1723 for want of Sufficient Suretys committed to the sd. Goal for a trespass and misdemeanor charged upon the Oath of Elizabeth Deverell where he has ever since remained in a very deplorable condition Confined wth. the worst of Fellons and is now in a miserable weak Condition having been afflicted wth the Goal distemper the greatest part of the time of his Confinemt wch gives him strong apprehensions it will Cost him his life if much longer Confined in this Wretched place and is irreleivable but by ye. Worshipps Mercy and Clemency

That he was in December last Indicted for the sd Trespass and Misdemeanor to wch Indictmt hethen pleaded not guilty where upon yt. Worshipfull Court ordered yt. he should prosecute his Traverse upon the sd. Indictment the next Sessions of Oyer and Terminer to be held for this County to wch end he has given the sd. Elizabeth Deverell Notice of tryall as following Etc

Dunns Rex n John Brabun} pro Assault and misdemeanor

To Ms. Elizabeth Deverell Take Notice yt. the Defendt. John Brabun intends to try the Traverse of the Indictmt. preferred agt. him by you on Thursday next being the 27th. day of this Instant February at Hicks Hall in St. John Street in the County of Middx before the Worshippfull Bench of Justices for the sd. County therefore this is ye. notice [...]

from yr. Humble Servt. John Brabun

Dat Febry. 24th. 1723/4

He having given the prosecutr. the abovewritten Notice in Writing he [x] throweth himselfe prostrate at ye. feet in all humility Imploreing ye. Worshipps pity and Clemency and yt. intender Compassion to his hard Sufferings by [x] Confinemt. and Sickness together wth. his distressed Wife and helpless children perishing abroad for want of the due necessary of life having noe other [x] dependance then on his Labour and Industry yr Worshipps will be Gratiously pleased to order him his Tryall according to the sd. Notice

And yr. distressed petr. as in duty Bound will Ever pray Etc.

