To his Majestyes Justices of the Peace of the County of Middlesex in their Generall Sessions Assembled.

Middx ss The Humble Petition of William James Atlee late one of the High Constables for the Hundred of Elthorne in this County.

Sheweth That your Petr. having served the said Office for the Space of three yeares and upwards & having during that time paid and Disbursed to the severall Petty Constables in his Division for passing of Vagrants the Sume of Seven & Twenty pounds & four Shillings as appeares by the Severall Orders or Certificates Signed by Some of his Majestyes Justices of the Peace. for this County And Upon your Petrs. applicacon to this Court, his Account was Referred to Alexander Ward Esqr. one of his Majestyes Justices of the Peace for this County. Who hath Since Inspected the Same and made his Report to this Court That he found that the Sume of Eleaven Shillings together with Severall other Sumes amounting in the whole to five Pounds and Sixteene Shillings were Overcharged, in Such Account, Whereupon this Court Did allow of the Residue of the said Account amounting in the whole to the Sume of One and Twenty Pounds and Eight Shillings to be Due to your Petr. on his said Account And this Court thereupon Ordered that the Treasurer of the Moneys for passing of Vagrants within the Hundreds of Elthorne Spelthorne and Isleworth should thereout pay to your Petr. the said Sume of One and Twenty Pounds & Eight Shillings.

Your Petr. further Sheweth That he hath made Applicacon to the said Treasurer for the payment thereof Who Refuses to pay the Same, alledgeing he hath no Moneys in his hands.

Therefore your Petr. humbly Prayes that this Court will be pleased forth with to make an Order for Raiseing Moneys for passing of Vagrants whereby to Enable the Treasurer of the Vagrant Money within the Said Hundreds to pay your Petr. the said Sume of One and Twenty Pounds and Eight Shillings So due to him on the Ballance of his Said Account And the Rather for that your Petr. is Actually a Looser of the said Sume of five pounds and Sixteen Shillings Disallowed him as aforesaid, And hath been now above three yeares out of his Money, which is a great Loss to your said Petr.

And Yor. Petr. Shall pray Etc.

