[...] shipfull the Chairman & the rest of his Majesties Justices [...] at Hicks Hall in St. John Street for the County of Middx [...] Session Assembled

The Petition of Richard Taverner

[...] bly Sheweth That your Petr. on the twenty Second day of August in the Nineteenth Year of his present Majesties Reign was bound an Apprentice by Indenture to William Stevens of the parish of Saint Clement Danes in the County afd Taylor for the Term of Seven Years to warn his Art or Trade after the manner of an Apprentice.

That Your Petrs. said Master by the said Indenture did Covenant to teach & Instruct or cause your Petitioner to be taught & Instructed in the said Art or Trade of a Taylor and would find your Petr. during the said Term with sufficient Meat Drink Washing Lodging and all other necessarys.

That your Petrs. said Master being in very Indigent & Low Circumstances and greatly Indebted to several persons in large Sums of Money was Obliged on Account thereof about Six Weeks since to Shut up his House and abscond, whereby Your Petr. is rendred incapable of Learning his Trade, and must have been quite desitutule of all livelyhood, unless relieved by and taken under the protection of his Father, with whom he hath been ever since his said Master went away.

That Your Petr. since his said Masters absconding as aforesd. has taken frequent Opportunitys of Inquiring after his said Master amongst his Acquaintance and hath been Informed by some of them (and which Your Petr. believes to be true) that Your Petr. said Master is gone Abroad, or Secrets himself in such a Manner from Your Petr. that your Petr. can have no benefit of his said Apprenticeship.

Your Petr. therefore most humbly prays Your Worships that you wod. be pleased to take his Case into Consideration and for the reasons aforesd. Order him to be discharged from his said Apprenticeship and that such [...] further or other Order may be made in the prmes as to Your Worshipps shall seem meet and the Nature of Your Petrs. Case requires.

And Your Petr. as in Duty bound shall ever pray Etc

Richd. Taverner

