To the Rt. Worspll. his Majties. Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in Quarter Sessions assembled

The Humble Petition and Appeal of Benjamin Cooke of the parish of Edmonton in the sd County Gent, Daniel Smith Gent, and James Edwards of the said parish Yeom on behalfe of them selves and sevll. other Inhabi of the said Parish agt. the poors Rate of the said parish for the year 1733.

Sheweth That yor. Petr. Benjamin Cooke stands Charged in and by the said Rate or Assessmt. at 25 shillings for 20 Pounds Rents by the year; That yor. Petr. Daniel Smith stands charged by the sd Rate at £6.2.6. for 98 pounds Rents by the year; And that yor. Petr. James Edwards stands charged in and by the said Rate at £1.17.6 for 30 pounds Rents by the year, which said sevll. Sums are more than yor. Petr. respectivetly ought to pay towards the sd Rate, by reason yor. Petr. Benjamin Cooke is charged to the full Rents of the Value of his Estate in the said Parish when a great Number of the Infabts. of the sd parish are abated one fifth part out of the reall and known Value of their Rents: And that your Petrs. Daniel Smith and James Edwards are charged for more than the full Value of their Lands and Tenements, which they respectively have or Occupy in the said Parish; That several other Inhabts. of the said parish are charged in the said Rate for sevll Sums of money much less than the reall and Known Value of the Lands and Houses which they respectively have or Occupy in the said parish: That the said Rate (in General) is very Irregular, Partiall, Unjust and unequall And that yor. Petrs. (as well as many other of the Inhabts. of the said Parish) finding themselves very much aggrieved by the said Rate or Assessment (as it now Stands) doe humbly Appeal against the same

And pray your Worps. would be pleased to Order that the Church wardens and Over : seers of the poor of the said Parish, with their respective Books or Assessments which have at any time or times been made for the said year 1733 and all other persons who have the Custody or Keeping of the said

Parish Books Rates or Assessments for the five preceeding years and all other persons concerned, may attend this Court some Day this Pr.sent Quarter Sessions [...] in Order to hear and abide the Judgment and Determinacon of this Court concerning the said Appeal, and that the said Rate may be Quashed for its Irregularity and unequality, And that your Petitioners may be Releived therein as in Justice they ought.

And yor. Petrs. shall pray and so forth

.Benj: Cooks .Dan smith .James Edwards

And if any money paid upon [...] the sd Rate complained of to be alleged on the [...] new Rate

