To the Worshipfull his Majestys Justices of ye. Peace for the County of Middlesex

The humble petition of Savill Godfrey

Most humbly Sheweth That your Petitioner did same short time ago preferr a Bill of Indictment agt. on Richard Thompson and his Wife for a Violent breach of the Peace and for an Assault And on the 25th .day of February last in the last Sessions the Said Thompson and Wife Pleaded Guilty thereto And your Petitioner then attended this honoble Court and gave Evidence of the Nature of Yr. Offence and of Yr. Many Injurys and Abures he had received from the sd. Thompson Upon which Yr. Court were then Pleased to fine ye. sd. Thompson and Wife Five Pounds each and at ye. Same time recommended them to agree with your Petitioner by the afternoon of the Same Day

That your Petitioner Assoon as he came out of the Court and before the face of the Court in Saint John Street was Arrested by one Benjamin Lane an Officer to the Sheriff of Middlesex who had been Present in Court all the time your Petitioner had been so giveing Evidence agt the sd. Thompson and Wife at the Suit of one Haydon for a Debt of abt 18th. and which was spititted on as your Petr. has been Credibly informed by the sd. Thompson in Order to appress him and to Stifle Ye. Prosecution and ye sd. Lane imediately carryed your Petr. to his Own house in Whartone Court Holborn Upon which your Petrs. Attorney immediately returned into Court and related the Nature of the Case and craved ye Aid and Pretection of the Court on your Petrs behalf Where upon Mr. Teshmaker who then Sat in the Chain, With ye. Approbation ye. whole Court ordered a person then in Waiting to go and acquanit ye sd. Lane that they required the sd. Lane himself to bring your Petitioner before them and that he cod. not Justifye holding your Petr. Such Arrest but the said Lane notwithstanding Such order and direction from the Court [...] refused to bring your Petitioner then before the Court or to waiton the Court himself or to give your Petitioner his Liberty Nor could your Petr. obtain his Enlargemt. from Such anest untill your Petitioner's Atterney had by a Writenig under his hand on the back of the Warrant Undertaken to put in good Bail above to the sd. Action which your Petitioner humbly apprehends he is no ways

bound to do the your Petititoner is willling and Desirons to do all in his Person to Satisfye the said Debt but is at present Unable to Pay it

Your Petitioner therefore humbly hopes your Worships will Interfere in your Petitioners behalf and will be so Sind as to Compell the said Lane to Deliver up and Cancell the said Undertaking to put in Bail as aforementioned And thereby Grant your Petitioner the aid and Protection of this Court so as your Petitioner may not be involved into Defficulttys and Expences that will arise from such Unjustifyable arrest, Or To Grant your Petitioner such other Relief in the premisses as the nature of the Case will admit of

And your Petitioner (as in duty bound ) will pray Savill Godfrey

Middx Att the General Quarter Session of the Peace of our Sovereign Lord the King holden for the County of Middx at Hicks Hall in St. John Street in the County aforesaid by adjornment on Thursday the Sixth day of April in the twenty Second year of the Reign of [---] our Sovereign Lord George the second King of Great Britain Etc

It is Ordered by this Court that the Within named Benjamin Lane one of the Bailiffs of the Sheriff of Middx have notice of this Petition and that he do Attend this Court on Saturday next at ten of the Clock in the forenoon to answer for his Contempt in Arresting Savill Godfrey the Petitioner on the twenty fifth day of February in the last General Sessions of the Peace holden for this County in the face of the Court as the said Savill Godfrey(who had immediately before given his Testimony at the said Court Upon an Indictment against Richard Thomson and his wife for Assaulting him was going home from the said Court

by the Court Waller

