To the Worshipful His Majestys Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Session of the Peace Assembled

The Humble Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Hornsey in the County of Middlesex

Sheweth that Rebecca Brace Singlewoman in her Examination in Writing taken upon Oath before John Brettell Esqr. one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and before the said County on the 31st. Day of August last did Voluntarily and of her own accord declare herself to be with Child, and that Joseph Harvey late of Hornsey aforesaid did beget her with Child of the Child or Children with which she was then Pregnant which when born was or were likely to be a Bastard or Bastards and to become chargeable to the said Parish of Hornsey And the said Magistrate as well upon such Examination as on the Complaint of William Lister one of the Overseers of the poor of the said Parish did issue his Warrant for apprehending the said Joseph Harvey who was thereupon on Apprehended and carried before One of His Majestys Justices of the peace in order to be dealt with according to Law and not been able to find Security to indemnify the said parish and parishioners in the premisses was committed to the House of Correction as Clerkenwell there to be kept in safe Custody until he should be discharged by due Course of Law And the said Joseph Harvey not having as yet given or Offered any Security for indemnifying the said parish in the premisses and the said Rebecca Brace still remaining pregnant with such Bastard or Bastards which when born is or are likely to become chargeable to the said parish as aforesaid

Hicks Hall Sio in open Court 21st. Sepr. 1778. Your Petitioners humbly pray that the said Joseph Harvey may not be discharged from his present Durance until he finds Security to indemnify the said Parish and Parishioners from the Costs and Charges which they may sustains or be put unto for or an Account of the lying in of the said Rebecca Brace and of the Maintenance and bringing up of such Bastard Child or Children with [...] hick she is now pregnant after the same shall be born

[...] Petitioners Etc 15 Sollr. for Petrs.

Thos: Wade

W.

