To the right Worshipfull his Majesties Justices of the peace for the County Middlesex at their General Quarter Sessions of the peace Assembled

The Humble Petition and Appeal of the Churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of Saint George in the County of Middlesex

Sheweth That by Virtue of an order of removal under the Pounds and Seals of Two of his Majesties Justices of the peace Vizt. Burford Camper Esqr. and John Sherwood Esqr. in and for the County of Middx. bearing Date the Seventh Day of December now last part Elizabeth Field Widow of James Field Deceased and [...] Male Bastard Child Named Charles Field aged About Three Months was removed from the Parish of Saint John of Wapping in the said County of Middlesex And the and Two last Mentioned Justice of the peace in and by the said Order of removal Adjudged the last Legal Settlement of the said Elizabeth Field and Charles Field to be in the said parish of Saint George

That Your Petitioners and Advised and believe that the Last Legal Settlement of the said Elizabeth Field and Charles Field is not in the said Parish of Saint George as by the send Order is Suppond and therefore they Conceive themselve to be Agrieved by the said Order and Determination of the said five Justices and Do humbly Appeal to your worships agaisnt the same

Your Petitioners therefore as well on the part and behalf of themselves as of the other Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said parish of Saint George Do humbly Pray that the said Order of Removal of the and Eliza. Said and Charles Field from the said Parish of Saint John of Wapping to the said Parish of Saint George Middlesex may be Quarted And that your Worships would to lease to Make such further Order therein for the reimbursing and paying Your Pititioners the Costs and Charges they have Best Putt [...] in Maintaining and Providing forth said Elize. Field and Charles Field in Obedience to the sd. Order As to your Worships shall seem Mut

And Your Petitioners willever prayed.

