To his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Session assembled

The humble Petition & Appeal of Ralph Thickness Doctor of Physick John Ecken John Hurdle and John Marlow whose names are subscribed Inhabitants and Occupiers of houses and Lands w [...] the Parish of Finchly in the said County on behalf of themselves and several other of the Inhabitants of the said Parish

Sheweth That William Rice one of the Overseers of the poor of the said Parish for the year ending at Easter last hath since the Expiration of his Office delivered an Account in Writing very general of divers Sums of money reced & Disburs'd by him for the relief of the Poor of the said Parish during his said Office and verifyed the same by Oath before Jacob Harvey and Richard Chamberlaine Esqrs. two of his Majestys Justices of the Peace for this County.

That in the said Account there is a general Sum of £33 0s:74d charged as dis [...] by the said Wm. Rice at a Monthly Vastry in his said year In is his [...] included £19 10s.6d paid to one John Brown for discharging the Expences of an Appo [...] of him and six others agt. a Rate made for the relief of the Poor of the sd. Parish for She said year On hearing of which in January Sessions last no Expences or Costs were ordered

That your Petitioners apprehend the Payment of the said £19:10s:6d out of moneys raised for relief of the Poor to be illegal and that the same hath been misapplied and ought not to have been paid by or brought to the Account of the said William Rice

R Thickness John Ecken John Hurdle Jno. Marlow

Your Petitioners humbly apprehend they have several other material Objections to the said Account and find themsel [...] agrieved thereby Appeal to this Court agt. the Same and [...] pray that your Worships will appoint some day in this present Sessions to hear and determine the same and that the sd. £19:10s:6d may be disallowed and the said Wm. Rice ordered and required to account for & pay the same according to the Directions of this Honoble Court and that such other relief may be given to your Petitioners in the Premes as to your worships shall seem meet

And your Petitioners shall ever pray Etc

