To the Worpfull his Mats. Justices of the peace at their Genall Quarter Sessions of the peace holden for the County of Middx by a presence at Hicks hall the 14th of October 1717.

The humble Memoriall of Thomas Richards on the behalfe of the [...] Inhabitts of the Liberty of St. Albans in the County of Hertford.

Sheweth That is was the Opinion of the Justices at Hicks hall at Michaelmas Sessions 1716. that the Constables in Middx ought to convey Vagrants through the County of Middx & not to Lease them in Chipping Barnett at all, & the Court then agreed that these wth came towards St. Albans should be conveyed to Ridge, but still they continue to leave them at Barnett.

The same was likewise the Opinion of the Justices for the Liberty of St. Albans, & at Christmas Sessions last they order'd that the Constables of Chipping Barnett should not entertain any such Vagrants for the futures; & that if Middx Constables did leave any that they should be forthwth conveyed to Mimes side of Barnett.

That the Constables of Chipping Barnett indeed doe observe the Order of Sessions for the said Liberty, & the last Constable of Mimes side hath Pformed his part, but the prsent Constable gave great disturbance, because (as he prtends) he knows not how he shall be paid his Charges, altho severall Justices (by what I understand) had given him their words that he should be reimbursed.

To lay this fered, I also sent him a Letter that I myself would reimburse him (if they did not) upon certain Condicons therein mencoed (the Copy whereof is am [...] till such time as the Justices mett to settle the same; but he not only refused those Condicons, but abused me for my kind proffers telling me that that proposicon was only to Saddle this matter upon him, wth (God knows my heart) was not the least in my Thoughts.

And now (to mend the matter) he conveys them to Phillips a Constable of Redge- Parish who lives about Two Miles from Ridge Town, & a considerable way out of the Maine Roade; whereas according to the Letter of the Statute made the 12th. of Queen Ann he should convey them to Ridge Town, where is a proper Officer to receive them; Nay, severall have been sent to Phillips from Southmimes Town wth is above Two Miles back again.

So that as this affair is managed there are no less than four Shiftings & Reliefs in four Miles Space; twice in the Liberty, once in Middx & once in the County of Hertford, wch is a Shame, & contrary to the design of the Statute.

May it please yor. Worps! I know no way to redress this Grievance, but that the Court would be pleased to accept of my proposicon pursuant to the first Order of the Liberty Justices at Christmas Sessions 1715. a Copy whereas is annext, upon wch yor. Order of Reference is grounded, wch did not answer the design, & wch is also annext, as is likewise the Last Order made at St. Albans.

Or else that yor. Worps would be pleased to transfer yor. Established of forty pounds P Ann from Southmimes Constable to me; & (altho [...] think it is a very Scanty Allowance) I will undertake to convey them from St. Albans to Barnett wthout halting at Mimes, & from Barnett through Middx wch way soever their Passes direct them whether upwards or downwards wthout putting yor. County to any further Charge or trouble about it. This (if yor. Worps please to intrust me wth) I hope to manage to yor. Satisfaccon & Content, & submitt it wholly to the Judgment of the Court, who am wth all Submission

And if yor. Worps please to order it to be paid Quarterly, I dare undertake to convey them from London to Barnett too at 18d. phead.

Yor. Worps

Most Obedt. Servt. Tho: Richards.

ex See the Copie of ye Orders & Letter on the backsides

