To the Honble. & Worshipfull his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middssx: in their General Sessions Assembled

The humble Peticon of Mr Samuel Mayo and Copartners Common Brewers in the Parish of St Olaves Hart Street London

Sheweth That by An Act of Parliament made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of our late most Gracious Sovereign Lady Queen Ann Intit'led an Act for Granting to her Majesty Dutys upon Malt Mum Cyder & Perry for the Service of the Year 1713 Etca.

It is amongst other things Enacted that from & After the three & Twentieth day of June 1713. And after the Duty by the said Act Imposed on Malt is paid or Secur'd to be paid by the Malster If any Quantity of Malt shall unfortunately happen to be Destroy'd by Fire by the Burning of the Malt House Granary or other place where the same shall be made or kept. It shall & may be Lawfull for the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Malt so Perishing to make proof thereof by Two Credible Witnesses on Oath & of his her or their having paid or Given Security to pay the said Duty before Justices of the Peace of the County Rideing or Division where such Accident shall happen at the next General Quarter Session to be held for such County Riding or Division who are thereby Impower'd to Give Certificates under their Hands & Seals of such loss Upon producing of which Certificate to yr Officer Appointed to Collect yr sd Duty he shall be Obliged to Repay or Allow to the said Proprietor or Proprietors so much of the said Duty as shall have been by him or them paid for the Quantity of Malt prov'd to have so Perished or been Destroyed as Aforesaid

479½. 2rs is. 3836. Bushlls 203½ 2rs is 1628 Bushlls at 6d P Bushell amounts to as Bellow And Further Sheweth that a Fire happening in Burr Street in yr Parish of St Buttolph Aldgate on the Twenty first of March Last about One or Two in the Morning yor. Peticoners having a Ware house or Granary there for keeping Malt the Granary was Burnt & the Malt therein contain'd was either Destroy'd or Damaged Amount ing to 479½ Quarters Destroyd, And 203½ Quarters Damaged the whole 683 Quarters P Quarter Amounts to £956:4s:0d Note the duty of yr afforesd malt is included in the price amounting to £136:12s:0d.

That Yor. Peticoners being the Proprietors of the said Malt so Destroy'd humbly Conceives that they are Reliveable by the said Act of Parliament And Ought to be Repaid or Allow'd the Duty paid for the Same but cannot Intitle themselves thereto unless this Court will be pleased to Grant a Certificate as the said Act Directs

That Yor. Petitioners are Ready to make such Proof of their Loss as by the said Act is Required

The Duty of yr Destroyd £95:18:0 The Duty of yr Damaged 40:14:0 136:12 And therefore humbly Prays that a Certificate therefore may be given to them according to Yr Direction of yr sd. Act

And Yor. Peticoners shall ever Pray Etca

