To the Right Honourable Sir William Calvert Knight Lord Mayor of the City of London

The Humble Petition of Cornelius Batty Clothworker and Sally his Wife

Sheweth That your Petitioners Daughter Mary Batty an Infant about Nine Years of Age was on Sunday the 5th. March last ravished and debauched between Eleven and twelve o' Clock at Noon by one James Penroy a Man about 23 Years of Age who was then a Lodger in your Petitrs: House

That your Petitrs: said Daughter on the Friday following being much out of Order and uneasy Your Petitrs. Inquired what was the Matter with her (little thinking of the Unhappy Occasion) when the Child confessed that Mr. James Panroy when he was on the Bed in his Lodging called her out of the next Room where she was dressing herself to bring him a Pint of All and said he would give her the Money The Child knowing he was considerably Indebted to her Parents readily came to accept of the money when Mr. Penroy threw her upon the Bed and threatned her life in Case she would not let him have his Will with her And then Stop't his hand in her Mouth to Prevent her calling for Assistance until she was almost Stangled

That your Petitrs: for this abuse took the said Panroy before Mr. Justice Withers who Committed him to New Prison upon the Child's Affidavit and he has since been Committed to Newgate where he now lies to receive his Trial at the next Ensuing Sessions

That your Petitrs: have had the Child examined by Docto [...] Wathen a Man Midwife and Mrs. Mackdemour a Midwife who both said she had been abused by a Man and that she was very foul

That your Petitrs: are intirely unable to carry on an Indictment for this Cruel usage of their Daughter having a large Family of Children and nothing to depand upon but their hard labour

Wherefore your Petrs. most humbly pray your Lordship to give them such releif and assistance as in this Crual and Inhuman affair to your Lordship shall seem meet

And your Lordship's Petrs. shall evar pray Etc.

