To the Worshipful His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Session of the Peace assembled.

The humble Petition and Appeal of Moses Sierra Gentleman an Inhabitant of the Parish of Monkon Hadley in the County of Middlesex.

Sheweth That a certain Rate or Assessment, for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish aforesaid Intitled "A Rate or Assessment made for the "necessary Relief of the Poor and other Purposes as mentioned in " the several Acts of Parliament relating to the poor of the Parish "of Monken Hadley in the County of Middlesex made and assessed the "Tenth day of November 1782. being the second Rate since Easter "for three Shillings in the pound according to the mode of the "Rents following," was published on the Seventeenth day of the said Month of November and Your Petitioner as well as all other Inhabitants and Occupiers of Houses and Lands who are assessed towards such Relief are in and by the said Rate or Assessment charged at three Shillings in the pound on the half part of the Rent or Yearly Value of their respective Houses and Lands.

That at the time of making of the said Rate or Assessment The Reverend Mr. Burrows Minister of the said Parish and William Jorden and Taylor were Inhabitants of the said Parish but the said Mr. Burrows William Jorden and Taylor are not nor is any or either of them by the said Rate or Assessment charged and assessed in any Sum of Money whatsover for the Relief of the poor of the said Parish.

That Robert Bishop, Mrs. Monk, the Reverend Mr. Cottrell, Mr. Cottrell Mr. Aylett, Mr Tate, Doctor William Garrow, Captn Campbell and Bates in the said Rate or Assessment named and who at the time of making the said Rate or Assessment were Inhabitants or Occupiers of Houses or Lands in the said Parish are and each of them is charged and assessed towards the said Relief in lesser Sums of Money than each of them eight to be in respect of other Inhabitants and Occupier's of Houses and Lands in the said Parish who are charged and assessed towards the said Relief.

That your Petitioner apprehends that the said Rate on Assessment is illegal by Wilson the manner Making the same and for that and other the premises Your Petitioner hath a material Objection to the said Rate or Assessment and therefore humbly appeals against the same and prays that the said Rate or Assessment may be Quashed and that the benefit of this Appeal may be saved unto Your Petitioners and that the hearing and determining thereof may be adjourned untill the next General Sessions of the peace to be holden for the said County.

Chetham Solicitor for the Appellant}

