To his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex Assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace held in and for the said County

The humble Petition & Appeal of William Hamerton of the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields in the County of Middlesex Carman

Sheweth That A Complaint was exhibited to Thomas Burdus Esqr. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex against your Petitioner by William Lake That your Petitioner upon the 22d: day of July last past at the said Parish of St. Martin in the Fields in the City and Liberty of Westminster did drivel A Cart loaded with and Containing a Quantity of Coals exceeding 8 Bushels to wit the Quantity of 20 Bushels from a Place Called Durtram Yard in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields aforesaid within the said City & Liberty of Westminster the duty of 4d: by the Chaldron not being paid & without your Petitioner's having any Paper writing or Tickett singed by any Principal Land Coal Meter & Counter singed by any Labouring Coal Meter who attended to deliver the said Coals & give suck Paper writing or Tickett there with as is directed by an Act of Parliament made in the 19th: year of the Reign of his Present Majesty intilled An Act more Effectually to prevent the Frauds & Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City & Liberty of Westminster & that part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoyning thereto & the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields St. Mary LeBon and such part of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex.

That the Matter of the sd. Complaint Came to be heard before the sd. Mr. Burdns on the 1st. day of August last past when the sd. Mr. Burdns was pleased to give Judgement of Conviction against your Petitioner for the said Offence And that your Petitioner should forfeit the Sum of five pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain One Moiety thereof to the use of the said William Lake & the other Moiety thereof to the use of the Poor of the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields aforesd.. where the said Offence was Alledged to have been Committed

Wherefore and in Regard your Petitioner thinks himself Aggreived by the sd. Judgement of Conviction given against him as aforesaid.

J: Mackay Soll: for the Appellant. Your Petitioner therefore most humbly Appeals from the sd. Judgement of Conviction to your Worships in this present General Quarter Session of the Peace assembled ( being the next General Quarter Session of the Peace held for the County of Middlesex after the said Conviction) And your Petitioner humbly prays that your worships will be pleased to reverse the sd. Judgment of Conviction given agt. your Petitioner as aforesaid and Acquitt your Petitioner thereof And Also Award to your Petitioner according to the Directions of the sd. Act of Parliament such reasonable Costs to be paid by the said William Lake upon whose Information or Prosecution the said Conviction was founded or made As to your Worships in your Discretion shall Seem meet.

And your Petitioner (as in duty be and) shall ever pray Etc.

