To the Worshipful His Majesties Justices of the Peace Assembled, at the Quarter Sessions at Hicks's Hall

The humble Petition of Robert Griffier Victualler

Sheweth That on or about October last one Joseph Cowell Aged Abt. Fourteen who was formerly bound apprentice to a Victualler was then by his own Consent Assign'd ever to your Petitioner for the Residue of the time in the Indenture mentioned, Since when the sd. Boy, has five Sevr. times absented himself from Yor. Petrs. Service Vizt. a Month at one time, and Severals Days and Nights together at others, which together with his coil behaviour when at nome in Yor. Petrs. Service has greatly decreased the Custom of his House and Lessen'd his Substance, Vizt. by almost Daily Drinking in the Collar till he is Drunk (Two penny being his Comon Liquor) and abusing the Customers. And Lessening his Substance by Carelessly Cousuming his Liquors Vizt. at one time, left a Fresh Tapt Butt of Beer Run almost all out at another time Spilling a whole Kilderkin of Purl besides what he has Spilld by Lesser Quantities when Intoxicated. in Liquor Carrying Drink to

[...] Spilld by Lesser Quantities when Intoxicated in Liquor, Carrying Drink to Out Doors Customers and Either Spending or (by Gaming) loosing the Money at other times, going out in the Night after the family were in Bed leaving ye Doors open, and at other times by Trenting other Idle disorderly Boys like himself with Your Petrs. Liquor before the family was up, and frequently having Money in his pockets, and Refusing to tell how he [---] came by it. all which Arcles Your Petr. can prove by Creditable Witnesses. That the sd. Boy by the Evil advice of his Sister made Complaint to the Worshipful Gent mentioned in the Warrt. granted agst your Petr. and took his Oath that Your Petr. beat him with a Shovel and at another time with an ale Gauge, which is but like a Wand Your Petr. humbly Appeals to this Worshipful Bench whether Such unlaw ful Practices did not Deserve Severe Correction, but that Your Petr. ever Struck him with Shovel or other unlawful Weapon he never could prove by Witnesses or marks.

Your Worships Petr. therefore most humbly prays the sd. Boy may be Discharged from him, least if he shd. be obliged Still to keep him he would Ruin Your Petr. before his time were Expired. And Your Worships Petr. as in Duty bound shall ever pray. Etc.

