To the Honoble Bench of Justices of the Peace at Hicks hall for the County of Middx

The humble Peticon of Thomas Wilkinson & John Corney both of the Parish of Wapping Stepney in the sd. County Yeam

Shew

That your Peticonr. was appointed scavengers to collect & gather an Assesmt. according to a pound rate made and assessed on the severall Inhabitants of the Lower Division of the Hamlett of Wapping Stepney for & towards the cleaning of the Streets Lanes and other places in the sd. Hamlet for the year 1715 pursuant to a Book rate or Assemt. made & ue Subscribed by the Churchwarden Constable Overseers of the Petr & other antient [...] Inhitants and confirmed by tow Justices of the Peace that is to say Mr. Poulson & [...] Johnson

That your Peticonrs. with the consent of the Churchwardens and Overseers agreed with a Raker to cleane the said Streets & other Places in the said Hamlet for the sd. year for the sum of £70. which was the cheapest price that a Raker could be Hired for-

That upon the Colleccons of the sd Assemt. your Petrs. found severall Errors in the said Book, great many persons charged therein being Dead, others gone away, Meeting Houses which nevr. did pay, By wch. your Peticonrs. apprhended that the colleccon of the said Assessmt. would not amount to the said sume that was contracted to be given to the said Raker necc whereupon your Peticonrs. did then apply to the Churchwardens & Overseers & the sd. gecc Justices and acquainted them that the said Book was not regular made, and likewise with the mistakes, and desired that the sd. Book might be mended where such mistakes was mett with, or otherwise that your Peticonr. might have an addionall Assessmt. made them, who refused to give your Peticonrs. any releife but told the mat their Perils if they did not- collect according to the Book.

Your Peticonrs. further shew That they have paid the sd. Raker the said sume of £70 and doe verily beleive that they are above £8 out of Pocket and that they have severall times since Easter last requested the Churchwardens & Overseers to Assigne their Accots. and to give your Peticonrs. an Order upon the present scavangers to pay them wt. shall appeal they are out of Pocket, but refuse so to doe-

Your Peticonrs. therefore humbly pray that your Honors. will be so graciously pleased to take the prmes into consideracon & Order their Accts. to be Stated & Signed by such persons as you shall direct and what mony shall appear they have pr out of their own Pockets to be reimbursed by the pr But Scavenger

And Yor. Petrs. shall ever pray Etc

Middx ss

Ad General Quarterial Session pacis Dui Regis tent P Com Middx apnd Hicks hall in St. John Street in Com prd die Mercury scilt non die regui Dni Georgy nunc Regis Magne Britanie Etc tertio

It is Ordered by this Court that the prsent Churchwarden Overseers of the poor & Scavengers of the Hamblett of Wapping Stepney in this County have notice of this Peticon & that they doe attend this Court on Monday next at nine of the Clock in the forenoon to Shew cause why the petrs. should not be releived according to the prayer of their Peticon within written

P Cur Harcourt

