Middlesex The King agt. Mary Simpson Convicted of Petty Larceny

To the Worshipfull the Chairman & other his Maties Justices of the Peace for the County of MIddlesex at their General Session Assembled

The Humble Petition of the said Mary Simpson

Most Humbly Sheweth That your Poor Petr. was Yesterday last at Hicks Hall for Stealing an Apron and two Hankerchiefs the property of Thomas Pickering

That your Petr. near had any Crime laid to her Charge before but always behaved with great Honesty to every one

That your Petr. not Imagining the Consequence would be so fatale did not trouble such persons to appear as the otherwise would for that purpose

That your Petr. till October last lived in the Bishoprict of Durham from whence she had very good Character

That Yr. Petrs. most humbly Conceives this Prosecution had not been [...] Commenced but that yr. Petr was advised to Commence an Action agt. the said Prosecutor

Your Petr. Most Humbly Implores yt Worships That on Account of [...] Yr Petr. never before having been Charged with any Crime And as the several persons Undersigned and each of them wd. new Employ and Trust yr. Petr. if she was discharged from the above Sentice That yr. Worships wd. Change the Sentence

of Transportation to such other as to yr. Worships in yr great Goodness may seem Meet

And yr Petr as in Duty bound will ever Pray.

Mary Simpson

To I Elizabeth Smith Widow have known the Prisoner ever since she Came to Town that she first Came to my House out of the Country where she stay'd till she got a place and behaved very Honestly and Soberly & I would now Employ her & Trust her (if at large) with any thing in my House & whose I have lived for 14 years

Eliz: Smith

I Elizabeth Hawks Wife of Stephen Hawks of St. Giles Salesman have known the prisoner ever since she Came to Town That she frequently resorted My House to see her Brother who lodges there That she had many Opportunity to robbed me and Steal [...] things from my House but never mist any thing but always believed her to be very honest and wd. now take her into they family & Entrust her if at large and from her decent behaviour [...] Cant entertaine a Notion she is dishonest And when the Girl was to go to this Service she Entered it with reluctance not likeing the same on Account of its Meanness

Eliz Hawks

