To the Worshipfull his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in Quarter Session Assembled.

The humble Petition of John Hanforth of Lad Lane London Innholder.

Sheweth That Your Petitioner was on the Second day of November last Convicted be John Spinnage Esquire one of his Majestys Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex in the Penalty of Six Pounds under a pretence that Your Petitioner did on the Twenty in the of October new last past travel with use or drawer caused to be travelled with used or drawn Cart where of your Petitioner was the Owner upon a Certain Turnpike Road leading form White Chapel Church in the County of Middlesex to Milend Turn pike in the said County of Middlesex which is in the Kingdom of Great Britain and that on the most Conspicous or anyother part of which said Cart there was not painted in large and legible Characters the Christianand Sir name or Names and place of Abode of your Petitioner and that the said Cart was not then and there travelling used on drawing with and Conveying Annumition or Artillery for his Majestys Service Nor was the said Cart then and there travelling with used or drawn by one Horse or two Oxen and no more but that on the Contrvey the said Cart was then and there [...] with use and drawn by four Horses Nor were the Sole or bottom of the [...] of the Wheels of the said Cart of the breadth of nine Inches and then And there laden with one Stone one Block of Marble One piece of Metal One piece of Timber contrary to the form of the Statute in that Case made and provided.

That the said John Spinnage Esquire afterwards on the Seventh day of November last Caused a Warrant to be Issued by and under the hand and Seal of the Right Honourable Thomas Harley then Lord Mayer of the City of London for levying by Distress the said five Pounds and the Charges of such Distress on Your Petitioners Goods and Chattels in London and the same hath been accordingly levied on Your Petitioners Goods and Chattels

That Your Petitioner doth think himself aggrieved by being Convicted in the penalty aforesaid by the said John Spinnage Esquire as herein before mentioned.

Wherefore Your Petitioner humbly prays your Worships that he may be at Liberty to enter his Appeal against the said Conviction by the said John Spinnage Esquire herein before mentioned and that the same May be heard and determined before your Worships in Quarter Sessions Assembled and that Your Petitioner Plate and Goods Seized under the said Conviction may be

restored to Your Petitioner and that Your Petitioner may be paid the Costs of this Application and be otherwise relieved in the Premisses as to your Worships shall seem meet

And Your Petitioner will ever pray Etc G Hanforth

Middx At the General Quarter Session the Peace of our Sovereign Lord the King holden for the County of Middlesex at Hicks Hall in Saint John Street in the County aforesaid by Adjournment on Tuesday the Fourthday of April in the ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the third by the Grace of God of Great Britain Etc and in the Year of our Lord 1769

It is Ordered by this Court that Richard Beck the Informer in the Proceeding within Mentd. shall have Notice of this Appeal and that he and all Persons Conde [...] do attend this Court on Thursday next at nine of the Clock in the forenoon to [...] and abide the Judgment and Determination of this Court touching the said Appl [...]

By the Court Waller

Middx At the General Quarter Session of the Peace of our Sovereign Lord the King holden the County of Middx at Hicks Hall in Saint John Street in the County aforesd. by Adjourn [...] on Wednesday the 5th. Day of April in the 9th. Year Etc. and in the Year of our Lord 1769

Upon reading the Affidavit of John Heginbottom It is Ordered by this Court That Notice of the Appeal aforesaid to be given to John Spinnage Esquire shall be deemed good Service [---] and of this [---] and Determining of the same Appeal And that all persons concerned shall or may Attend the Court on Saturday next by Eleven of the Clock in the forenoon to hear & abide the Judgmt & determination of the Court in the premes.

By the Court on the motion of Mr. Lucas.

Waller.

