To the Right Worshipfull his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County Assembled.

The Petition and Appeal of Humphry Maurice Esqr. of the Parish of Chiswick in the said County of Middlesex

Sheweth That about ten Years ago, your Petitioner purchased a Freehold Messuage or Tenement called Grove House, in the said Parish of Chiswick, together with about Eighty Acres of Land thereunto belonging, and a small Messuage or Dwelling house thereunto also belonging of the yearly Value of about Forty pounds.

That the said small Messuage or Dwelling house, and the Stables and Out buildings belonging to the Premises, so purchased by your Petitioner being in a very Ruinous State and Condition your Petitioner caused the same to be pulled down and rebuilt the Stables and Out Offices upon the old Foundations, but did not rebuild the said small House, nor any other Buildings on the Scite thereof.

That the Mode of rating the Inhabitants of Chiswick for the Relief of the Poor is at two Thirds of the yearly Value.

That at the time your Petitioner purchased the two Houses and other Premises, and for many Years before, they had always been rated at Three hundred pounds a Year, but in the Year 1778, (your Petitioner having then pulled down and removed the small House) his Rate was reduced to £266 a Year on account of the Diminution of the yearly Value and so continued to Michaelmas 1782, and (your Petitioner being than Abroad) his Rate was then raised to £466 a Year, which his Servant paid in his Masters Absence for the Year ending at Michaelmas 1783, the Officers threatning to Distrain for the same, no Appeal

having been made on Account of your Petitioner's Absence from England.

That the said House and premises are of the yearly Value of £400 and not more.

That your Petitioner's Agent attend the Meeting of the Inhabitants of Chiswick at the making of the Rate for the half Year from Michaelmas 1783 to Lady Day 1784 to enquire the Reason why your Petitioner had been rated for the Year past at £466 instead of £266 as formerly, when he was told that one of the Inhabitants having alledged that he was informed that your Petitioner had given £17,000 for the Purchase of the said premises, and it having been the Custom to rate Houses, Lands Etc at the Rate of £4 P Cent. for the Money paid upon purchase without Regard to the yearly Value therefore he insisted that your Petitioner should be rated in that manner, and not according to the yearly Value; But a Majority of the Inhabitants (thinking your Petitioner over rated), proposed to Reduce your Petitioner £100 a Year, which your Petitioner's Agent not assenting to, that then rated your Petitioner at £466 a Year as before, Referring your Petitioner to apply by way of Appeal to the Justices at the next petty Sessions, which your Petitioner's Agent gave Notice he should do, and accordingly did, and the Overseers attended accordingly, but not having the Rates ready to produce, It was, by the Directions of the Justices, agreed that the Matter should stand over to the next petty Sessions without Prejudice.

That on the 26th. Day of March 1784 another Rate was made whereby your Petitioner is again rated at £466 a Year.

That at the next petty Session which was held on the 29th. Day of May last all Parties attended, and the Justices then assembled, having heard the Allegations of both Parties, were of Opinion that they had no Power to alter the Rate, unless by the Consent of the Parties, and therefore referred your Petitioner to his Appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions.

That your Petitioner thinks himself agrieved by the said Rates And

Middlesex to wit At the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of our Lord the King holden for the said County of Middlesex, [---] at the Sessions House at Clerkenwell Green in the said County, on Monday the fifth Day of July in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, And in the Year of our Lord 1784, It os Ordered that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Chiswock in the said County and all Persons concerned do attend the Court here on Thursday next, the 8th. Instant, [---] at the hour of Nine in the forenoon of the same day to hear and abide the Judgment and Determination of the said Court to touching the said Appeal Therefore humbly Prays your Worships, to appoint some Day this present Session to hear and determine the said Appeal, And to Order that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Chiswick and all Persons concerned may then attend to hear and abide the Judgment and Determination of the said Court thereon. And that he may have such other Relief in the Premises as to your Worships shall seem just.

And your Petitioner shall ever Pray Etc

