To the Right Worspl. his Maties Justices of the Peace for the County of Midds

The humble Peticon of Robert Nevell

Sheweth

That about Janry 1695 yor. petr. was entred on board the Robt & Sammuell Capt Dodson Comainder bound for Mary land

That about Six Months afterwards the sd Capt. Dodson did abuse yor petr. in a very barbouray manner by beating & wounding him soe that he was Came in his Limbs some time after & the sd Capt continued beating & abuseing of him all certaine W [...] in a very Preste manner untill the sd. shipp was wrived Mary Land aforesd. for me other reason but that your Petr. being Sick the sd Capt Dodson some he would heate your petr. untill he was well whereupon upon the sd. Shipps arrivalls in Merry Lane your Petr. obleyned a Warrt from one of his Maties Justices of the peace of Cecill County & the sd Capt Dodson being brought before the sd Justice of Peace he then promised to he siad to your Per. & that noe Such Abuses should be comitted for the future yett nev theless he arrested yor. Petr. out of malice but your petr. [...] him & he also refused in receive your Petr againe into his Service Soe that your Per. was obledged to come to England in Another Shipp & upon a Letter from the Secratary of Barbadue who was Sencible of the great abuser your Per. had rent from his sd Capt your Petr. was in England wholly discharged from his Matie service And there being Severall me now in Mary Land & other Countrys who are there obleidged to continue by reason of the Abuses of their Capts. And forasmuch as your Petr. haveing a Considerable Sum of money due to him for Wages from the sd Capt Dodson which Wages your Petr. Demanded of the sd Capt in Mary Land but he refused to pay the Same & likewise to deliver your Petr. Cloathes on purpose [---] to deleyne your Petr. in that County And the sd Capt haveing in England acknowledged the sd wages to he due to your Petr. & of ten promised paymt. to yor. Petr. but he is still unsattisfyed the same & the sd Capt Still deteyne your Pet. Cloathes from him

P Tho. Nash

Yor. Petr. therefore most humbly Prayes your Worspps to be pleased to Order that the sd Capt Dodson may appeare in this Honble Court this par Sessions to answer your Petr. Complt in respect of the sd Abuses & to shew cause why yor. Petr. is not hath [...] his sd Wages

And yor. Pr. shall ever & pray of

