To the Worshipfull Sir John Hawkins Knt one of his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex and to the next of his Majestys Justices assembled at their General Quarter Session of the Peace holden at Hick's Hall in and for the said County

The Humble Petition of Thomas Arnold Loxley of Aldersgate Street London Gentn for and on behalf of Sarah Parker an Infant.

Sheweth That by Indentures of Apprentiship bearing date the 17th. day of August 1778 the said Sarah Parker was put out and bound and apprentice its Joyce Marriott & Catherine Halpin of Highbury Place Islington in the County of Middlesex Spinster and School Mistresses for the Term of Seven years

That in consideration of the sum of £26,5s,0d part thereof Vizt £13,13,0 was paid to them the sd Joyce Marriott and Catherine Halpin at and before the Execution of the said indentures and the remaining sum of £12.12.0 to be paid at the Expiration of Twelve Months, they the said Joyce Marriott and Catherine Halpin did promise and Under lake to instruct and reach the said Sarah Parker in the business of a Teacher to a Boarding School, And the sd Joyce Marriott and Catherine Halpin did further covenant and agree that the sd Sarah Parker should not either Eat Drink, or Sleep with anq Servant or Servants or in any wise be compelled to do any Household Work or assist any Servant in the same & the said Apprentice was to be found with Sufficient Meat Drink Washing and Lodging During her said Apprenticeship

That the said Joyce Marriott & Catherine Halpin in to wise regarding the Clauses Articles, or Agreements in the sd Indentures specified and contained as aforesaid Have grossly Ill treated the said Sarah Parker and caused her to sleep in a Damp Bed in a Garrett, whereby she had liked to have lost the Sight of one of her Eyes And compelled her to do all the Drudgeries of the House, instead of Teaching & instructing her in the said Business of a Teacher pursuant to the said Indentures,

Your Petitioner therefore [...] Worships will take the Case into [...] and that this Honble Court will be [...] Discharge the said Sarah Parker from [...] Indentures, and to make such other [...] concerning the premises as to your [...] shall seem Just and Equitable, And [...] a Day when all) parties may [...] Honourable Court for their Judgment [...]

And your Petitioner will ever prays

A Loxley

At the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of our Lord the King holden in and for the County of Middlesex at Hicks's Hall in Saint John Street on Wednesday the fourteenth day of April in the Nineteenth year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the third of Grt. Britain Etc

It is Ordered that Joyce Marriott and Catherine [...] have Notice of the within Appeal and that they and all parish concerned do Attend this Court on Thursday the 15th day of April instant at the Hour of Nine in the forenoon on same day to hour and abide the Judgement and Determine of the said Court touching the said Appeal

By the Court Selby

