July ss 1754 To the Worshipfull his Majestys Justices of the peace for the County of Middlesex at Hicks's Hall in Quarter Sessions Assembled

The Petition of Thomas Smith Apprentice of Joseph Smith of Drury Lane in the parish of St. Gyles in the fields in the County aforesaid Shoemaker

Humbly Sheweth That your Petr. on the first day of April which was in the year 1748 did put himself Apprentice to the said Joseph Smith for the Term of Seven years to learn of him the Art and Trade of a Shoemaker in the several Branches in the Womens way wherein he the said Joseph Smith dealt and traded And in which said Art and Trade the said Joseph did by Indenture Covenant and Agree to Instruct your Petr. or cause him to be therein taught and Instructed and for which he received five pounds

That your Petr. hath honestly and faithfully served his said Master for upwards of Six years of the said Term during all which time your Petr. hath wrought on black Leather Shoes or Pumps only

That the said Joseph Smith hath hitherto totally neglected and refused to teach or Instruct your Petr. or cause him to be taught or Instructed in making Silk or Stuff Shoes which is the principal and only Branch of the Business of which your Petr. was in expectation of getting a Livelyhood at the expectation of his time

That your Petr. is at present altogether Ignorant of the Best and most material Branch of the business of a Woman Shoemaker tho' now in the last year of his time and notwithstanding your Petr. hath in the most humble manner from time to time for six years last past requested and begged his said Master to teach or cause him to be taught and Instructed in the said Branch of making Silk and Stuff Shoes yet he hath always refused so to do

That your Petr. being Apprehensive that he should be unable to get his Bread at the expiration of his time did on the first day of this Instant July humbly beg his said Master to Suffer him to work and be taught and Instructed in the last above mentioned Branch of Business Whereupon his said Master without any other Provocation fell upon and beat your Petr. in a cruel manner until the Blood gushed out of his Mouth at the same time Swearing he would not suffer your Petr. to work in any other Branch of the Business than he had already done or used words to that or the like effect.

Your Petr. therefore most humbly prays for the Reasons above Set forth to be discharged from his said Apprenticeship and Master and that the Indenture by which your Petr. was bound to his said Master may be Delivered up to be Cancelled and have Such other Relief as to your Worships shall Seem meet and inst

And your Petr. (as in duty bound) shall ever pray

Thomas Smith

