To the Rt. Worpll: his Maties: Justices of the peace for the County of Middx in this Generall Session Assembled.

The humble Peticon o Peter Huckleman.

Sheweth That your. Petr. became bound an Apprentice by Indenture or Article in writeing bearing date on or about the first Day of December in the Yeare 1732 for the term of seven Yeares to Nicholas Nugent of the Parish of Stepney in the County of Middx Baker to learn his Art.

That your Petrs. Master married your Petrs. Mother who is since dead & that since the death of your Petrs. Mother your Petr. was perswaded by the said Nugent his Father in Law to become bound to him as an Apprentice.

That your Petr. accordingly became bound but never had any Counterpart of the sd Indenture or Article in writeing delivered to your Petr or any of his Freinds altho' your Petrs. Master hath been requested thereof but hath refused [...] vaded the delivery thereof by pretending they were in the hands of his Lawyer.

That your Petr. hath not been employed in the business of a Baker for upwards of twelve Months last past but hath been employed by his sd Master to drive dirt Carts about the streetes.

That your Petr. hath not been employed in the buisness of a Baker for upwards of twelve Months last past but hath been employed by his sd Master to drive dirt Carts about the streetes.

That your Petrs. Master is now in Custody in the Kings Bench prison on an Action of Debt and that your Petrs Mistress hath since turn'd your Petr. out of Doors & hath declared that she neither would nor could keep your Petr. but that he might either shift for himself or goe to the Parish

That your Petr. hath a Friend & Relation by Marriage who will undertake to binde out your Petr. to some good Master of the same buisness in case your Petr. shall be discharged from his sd Master

Your Petr. therefore most humbly prays the premises being considered that your Worps. would be pleased to discharge your Petr from his sd Apprenticehood to his said Master

And yor Petr. as in duty bound shall pray Etc.

Peter Huckleman.

