To the Right Worshipfull the Chairman & the Rest of his Majts:Justices of the Peace at the Gent Sessions of the Peace held at Hicks Hall in Saint John Street in & for the County of Middx

The Humble Petition of Daniel Paquot

Sheweth. That Your Petr: in the fifteenth day of July last was twelve Month, was bound an Apprentice by Indenture to Abell Brionsen I dweller for the space of Seven Years, to Learn his Act or Mistery for which purpose Yours Petrs. father paid to the said Briansen Twenty pounds.

About four Months after the Comencement of the sd. Indenture, the said Brianson Petitioner (who was then but fourteen Years of Age) with a large stick or Come in is Violent [...] that his flesh was much discoloured thereby in severall places, & hath Repeated the same & [...] of time Since.

On the fourth day of this instant February the sd Brianson Struck yor. Petrs. with a Cane or Stick on the head back & Shoulders with so much force that he was much briuted & Pticularly Gave yor. Petr. Violent a blow with the Same on one of his hands, that he was Rendred incapable to make use thereof for the space of a fortnight so thereabouts, after which the sd. Brianson Endeavor'd to put yor. Petrs. hand in a Vice to faster or fig it therein, that he might with the greater Ease Beat him but nor being able to Effect the same Brought a Knife to Yor. Petr. & said to him, You Dogg, Kills Yourself, or I will & then stampt on Yor. Petr: Body with his Feet, & took him by one of the Leggs & thing him Cross the Room, & on Pr. Petrs. father's Coming to the sd. Brianson to Complain of the to Treatment given as aforesd: the sd. Brianson Swore by God, that he shod. one time or the other kill Yor. Petr. And when the sd. Brianson was yet how he sd. be so extravagant in his Passion, he made answer that he sd. not help it, by reason it was in his Nature

Your Petr. therefore most humbly Prays Yor. Worships, that You wod be pleasd to take his Case into Consideration & Order (for the Reasons aforesd, & for the prservation of his Life) that he may be discharg'd from his said Apprentiship & Restitution made of the Many paid to the sd. Brianson as aforesd or such part thereof as to Yor. Worships Shall Seem meet

And Yor. Petr. Shall ever Pray

Daniel Paquot

