To the Worshipfull his Maties Justices of the peace for the County of Middlx at their Generall Quarter Sessions of the peace Assembled.

The humble peticon of Sarah Fitzpatrick widow & admin Ex: of Edward Fitzpatrick late of the parish of End feild in the County of Middlx deceased.

Sheweth. That in breach of the statute made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesties reign Intituled (an Act for the more effectuall punishing wicked and evill disposed persons going Armed in disguise and doing Injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his Majesties subjects and for the more speedy bringing the offenders to Justice) John Berrisford of London Wheeler Richard Minshall of Winchmorehill in the said County of Middlex Baker and Thomas James of Endfeild aforesaid Labourer armed with Guns and pistolls Did after the first day of June in the Year of Our Lord 1723, to witt, On saturday the twelfth day of October in the said year 1723, enter and come so Armed as aforesaid into Endfeild Chase in Endfeild aforesaid And the said Thomas James did then and there wilfully and Maliciously shoot at the said Edwd. Fitzpatrick and wound [...] him in the Legg and so much shalter it that it was obliged to be nott off, and the said Edward Fitzpatrick afterwards dyed of his said wounding. leaving your petr. his widow and Adminrx.

That the said Edward Fitzpatrick did in his life time, to witt, on the 19th. day of the said Month of October 1723, give Information on his Oath of the aforesaid Facts before Henry Cartwright and Richard Arnold Esqrs. two of his Maties Justices of the peace for the said County according to the direction of the aforesaid Statute

That upon the Information of the said Edward Fitzpatrick an Order was made by his Matie in Councill dated the 9th. day of March in the said year 1723, for the said John Berrisford and Thomas James and one Robert Dewkesberry in the said Order [---] named to surrender themselves pursuant to the direccons of the said Act which they neglecting to doe have been since Convicted as Felons by- virtue of the said statute.

Wherefore and for as much as Your Petrs. said late husband last his wife by such wounding Occasioned by his endeavouring to Apprehend the said Offenders your petr. as his adminrx. is (as she humbly Conceives) became entituled to the sume of 5s. by virtue of the sd. statue payable as by the sd. statute is directed

Your Petr. therefopre most humbly prays your Worships to hear her pray and to grant her the proper Certificate in Order to enable her to demand and receive of the sherriffe of the sd. County of Middlx the sume of £50. pursuant to the said statute

And Yor. Petr. shall ever pray Etc

