To the Worshipfull the Bench of Justices for the County of Middx now in Sessions assembled.

The humble Petition of Richard Crout of Bowling Alley in the Parish of St. Margt. Westmr. Butcher.

Sheweth That your Petr. having been charged upon Oath before the Worshipfull Mr Justices Lowth and Mr. Justice Browne with the Begetting of a make Bastard child of the body of one Elizabeth Cocky of the parish of St. Giles without Criplegate in the County of Middx Widow A Warrant was granted and made by the said Justices that your Petr. the Putative Father of the said chile should pay or cause to be paid unto the Churchwardens our & Overseers of the poor of the said Parish for the time being or to some or one of them the Sume of Two Shillings and six pence P week for and towards the maintenance and releife of the said Bastard Child for Soe long time as the said Child should remaine chargeable to the said Parish And that your Petr. Should give Suffitient Sureties for the performance of the Same

That your Petr. in Obedience of such Order Die Attend the proper Officers of the said Parish with Suffitient Surety or for his performance of the Same but on such their Attendance the Officers of the said Parrish refused to Accept the Same without your Petr. First paid them a Bill which they then brought in and insisted upon which your Petr. look'd upon to be unreasonable and on going before Mr. Justice Fuller his Worship was of Opinion that there was an Imposicon upon your Petr. in Some Article in the said Accot. and bound your Petr. over by his said Suretys to Appear here this Sessions to give bail for the performance of the said Order and to doe as the Court should direct

Your Petr. therefore humbly prays Your Worships Order for the Church wardens and Overseers of the sd. parish of St. Giles Criplegate or some or one of them to Attend this Court to Accept Such Suretyes from your Petr. for the performance of such Order as shall be made for your Petr. to doe As to your Worshipps shall Seem agreeable to Justices and Equity

And Your Br shall ever pray

