For the Appellants To the Worshipful his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex at their General Quarter Session of the Peace assembled

The humble Petition and Appeal of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. John of Wapping in the County of Middlesex.

Sheweth

That by virtue of an Order of Removal under the hands and Seals of two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex (one being of the Quorum) bearing date the Day of June 1767 Mary Trueborn Spinster a Lunatic was removed from the Parish of St. Mary Islington in the County of Middlesex to the said Parish of St. John of Wapping, the said Justices thereby adjudging that to be the place of her last legal Settlement. Your Petitioners therefore conceiving themselves aggrieved by the said Order and Judgment of the said Justices, do humbly appeal therefrom

Your Petitioners therefore most humbly pray that your Worships will be pleased to appoint some day in this present Session to hear their appeal, and to make an Order that the Churchwardens & Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of St. Mary Islington and all partys concerned may then and there hear and abide the Judgement and determination of your Worships therein

And your Petitioners shall ever pray Etc.

The Appellants Case,

The Pauper Mary Trueborn (who is a Lunatic) was removed from Islington to Wapping on the Examination of Mrs. Jane Avery a Gentlewoman who knew her Father & Mother & has sworn that they lived at the bottom of Anchor & Hope Alley in the Parish of St. John of Wapping where the Pauper was born & never afterds gained any other Settlement, But the Gentlewoman happens to have mistaken the Parish for all Anchor & Hope Alley is in the Parish of St. George & not St. John of Wapping.

To prove which (if needful) please to call} Mrs. Avery herself Thos. Sheffield Benj: Blackden John Holman

But it is believed the Respondents are note satisfied of their mistake & will therefore consent that the Appeal may be allowed, which be pleased to pray, together with 12s for Costs of Maintenance for 4 Weeks at 9s Week.

