To the Worshipfull the Justices of the peace for the County of Middlesex in their Generall Sessions of the Peace Assembled at Hicks Hall in Saint John Street in and for the said County

The Humble Petition of William Johnston (lately bound Apprentice into John Gibson of the parish of Saint Clements Danne in the said County Hosier) and of James Johnson of Beau Buildings [...] in the Strand in the said County Taylor for and on [...] behalf of himself and William Fead of London Gentleman

Sheweth That your Petitioner William Johnston on or about the first day of June 1753 by the Discription of William Johnston son of William Johnston late of Goodmans Fields in the County of Middlesex Joiner deced by Indenture of Apprenticeship bearing date the said 1st. day of June in the Year aforesaid and by him duly executed did put himself, apprentice into the above named John Gibson to learn the said John Gibson's said Art with him (after the manner of an Apprentice) to serve from the day of the date of the said Indenture into the full End and Term of 7 Years from the day of the date of the said Indre next following to be fully compleat and Ended And the said John Gibson by the same Indenture by him also duly executed did for and in Consideration of the June of 30th of good and Law full Money of Great Britain to him really and bonafide in Hand paid by the said William Fead out of the great regard and Friendship the said William Fead bore unto your said Petitioner 10th John Street and his late Father and Mother both deceased Agree to teach and Instruct or cause your said Petitir. William Johnston to be taught and Instructed in the Said Art of Hosier in the best way and Manner he could and to find your said Petitr. William Johnston Sufficient Meat Drink Washing Ledging and all other necessarys during the said Term as in and by the said in part recited Indenture of Apprenticeship relation being there unto had may and doth more fully and at large Appeal

That your said Petitioner William Johnston accordingly upon the Execution of the said Indenture entred into his said service & continued there in untill the time herein after mentioned during which time your said as Petitr: William Johnston on his part after the Manner of an Apprentice served the said John Gibson and also during such Service not only faithfully honestly carefully and medestly demanded and believed himself towards the said John Gibson and all his but did also do and perform many Servile Offices

and Acts which your said Petitioner William Johnston was not nor ought in Justice to be bound to do and perform same of which Offices and Acts were with and by the said John Gibsons express directions and others of them with his privity or Knowledge Not with Standing all which the said John Gibson without having ever signifyed to either of your said Petitir. any Dislike or Complaint against a desire of parting with your said Petitr: William Johnston or without any just or reasonable Cause pretence or Colour what ever on a about the 1st day of May 1754 did take your said Petitr: William Johnston within to the Hand of your said other Petitr. James Johnston (by whose Recommendation your said Petitr. William Johnston was put Apprentice and the said Consideration Money paid with him into the said John Gibson as aforesaid) leaving your said Petitr. William Johnston with your said other petitr. James Johnston and did then and there declare that he wod. no longer keep or continue or permit a suffer your said Petitr. William Johnston any Longer to be kept and continued with this as his Apprentice or find or provide for him any other Master and there fore insisted on and left against your said Petitr. William Johnston and James Johnstons respective leaves on Cons [...] and an Contradiction to the refuse & your said Petitr. James Johnstons Your said Petitr. William Johnston deceased with the Itch which he had got in the said John Gibson Family and also the said Indenture of Apprenticeship with your said Petitioner James Johnstons

That your said Petitr. James Johnston did Nevertheless on or abt. the 2d. Day of May 1754 take your said other petitr. William Johnston with Concurrence and Apprebation of your said petitr. William Johnston unto the House of the said John Gibson and did then insist of the said John Gibson personally to retake and keep your said Petitr. William Johnston as his Apprentice for the remainder of the said Term then to come and unexpired of his said Apprenticeship (Your said Petitr. William Johnston at the same time declaring his desire and willingness to the same) and did then deliver up unto the said John Gibson the said Indenture of Apprenticeship for him to keep accordingly during the said Reminder of the Apprenticeship but the said John Gibson absolutely refused and did the according foreitly push your said Petitr. William Johnston out of his house of the same time and ever since and till refuseing to take in continue your said Petitr. William Johnston in his Servics or to find or proceed for him Meat Drink Lodging any other necessarys or to return the said sum of £30. the said John Gibson so received as aforesaid a any part thereof or to find or provide for your said petitr. William Johnston another master and Neverthless of the said John Gibson from the find your said petitioner and Johnston so [---] to the said John Gibson the said Indenture as aforesaid halh kept and still keeps the same Indenture

That your Petr. James Johnston in Order to present the said that Johnston from lying in the Streets and perishing not only through want of

Necessarys but also by mean of the said Itch hath therefore at his own Expence been obliged to get your said Petitr. William Johnston cured and also from the time of his being so turned away by the said John Gibson as aforesaid at his own Expence to keep time in your said Petitr. James Johnston House and find and provide him with meat Drink Washing and Necessarys and is still obliged to continue to keep him in his House and find and provide for time as aforesaid at a very great Expence and in convenience of your said petitr. James Johnston Your said Petr. William Johnston being otherwise Fried loss and having us one that would do the like Hammond Offices which the said John Gibson well knows the said William Fead having (as the said John Gibson also well Knows) left England over since on or about the 23rd. December 1753 and gone abread as an of the Supercargoes in the Honourable the East Indea Companys Service and is Still abroad and cannt return to England the soonest darlier than in abt. the month of June next

In tender Consideration of the said Premises Your said petitioners Do therefore most Humbly pray your Worships that your Worships will be pleased to Order the said John Gibson to take your said Petitr. William Johnston into his Service and to continue him there in his Apprentice during the remend in of the said Term and to use him and do for him in every respect according to the tenor and true meaning of the said Indentures and that the said John Gibson may also be obliged to reinburse your other petitr. James Johnston the Expences which he has been at and incurred by the means aforesaid and also that the your Worhips will be pleased to make such other Order as in your Worships great Wisdom and Direction shall seem fit and the Equity of the Cause requires

And your petr. as in Duty bound shall ever pray Etc.

Kaverick [...] for the Petitioners

