To the Worshipful His Majestys Justices of the peace in and for the County of Middlesex in General Session of the peace Assembled

The humble Petition of Richd. Smith

Sheweth That a certain Rate or Taxation for the Relief of the poor of the Hamlet of poplar and Blackwall on the parish of Saint Dunstan Stebonheath otherwise Stepney in the County of Middx was made and published on the 22d. day of October 1780 but That George Young Clerk is omitted to be charged in and by such such Rate or Taxation for a certain House and Premises in his occupation in the said Hamlet

That your Petitioner [---] apprehends himself aggrieved [---] by the Inequality of the said val Rate [---] For that John Perry &Co. holding an House Yard and premises of the Yearly value of £550. an House only £20. in and by the said Rate And for that Robert Batson holding an House and Yard and Land over the way a Mould Loft and Smiths Shop of the Yearly value of £200. is rated only £7. in and by the said Rate and for that James Menetone holding and House Yard and premises of the Yearly value of £200. is Rated only £5..8s in and by the said Rate and for that Simon Pomfret holding an House of the Yearly value of £52..10s is rated only £1..7s -d in and by the said Rate and for that James Poole holding an House and premises of the Yearly value of £50. is rated only 19s.1¼d in and by the said Rate and for that John Rogers holding an House of the Yearly value of £42 is rated only 14s.3d in and by the said Rate and for that William Tooley holding a House or premises of the Yearly value of £45. is rated only £1..2s..6d in and by the said Rate and for that Benjamin Grainger holding a House of the Yearly value of £30. is rated only £1..1s -d in and by the said Rate and for that

Edward Wood holding a House of the Yearly value of £30. £30. is rated only 19s,,1½d in and by the said Rate and for that James Jope holding an house of the Yearly value of £30. is rated only 19s,,1½d in and by the said Rate and for that John Higgs otherwise Haggis holding an House of the yearly value of £30. is rated only 19s,,1½d in and by the said Rate and for that William Fountain holding an House of the Yearly value of £30. rated only 19s,,1½d in and by the said Rate and for that George Frost holding an House and Land covered with Water of the Yearly value of £30. is rated only £1,,1s in and by the said Rate

That Your Petitioner has a Material objection to the said Rate or Taxation and apprehend himself to be aggrieved thereby by reason of the unequal and unjust manner of rating as aforesaid and therefore humbly appeals against such rate or Taxation and

Your Petitioner prays that such Rate or Taxation may be quashed or that your petitioner may have such relief in the premises as to your Worships shall seem meet

