To the Worshipfull Chairman and the Rest of the Worshipfull Bench of Justices noresitting at Hicks Hall in St. John Street in & for the County of Middx

The Humble Petition of William Frazier and Elizabeth his Wife of the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields

Humbly Sheweth That Your Petitionr. Wife having Occasion for aservant to assist her in the way of her Employ made application to the Officers of the Parish of St. Giles in the County of Middx for a Parish Child who Recommended Jane Manerell a Child about Yours of Ags to Yor. Petitionrs. Wife as an honest: Sober; and Well meaning Child And fit for your Petrs. wifes Employ Whereupon yor Petition agreed to take her as an apprentice and Recerved her into his Family as such together with twenty Shillings in hand paid by this sd. Parish officers toward fitting her with necessaries to which use wth. some addition your Petitionrs Wife laid out accordingly which for more Certainly is humbly Referred to the Bill hereunto Annexed And that your Petitionrs did not take the sd. Child with any other View than to assist her in the way of her Employ and not for the Proffit of the sd. Sume of 20s and Saith that the sd Child cant Complain of any want [...] of Wholsome Food: or any other necessaries Yet not wth standing shee is Naturally inclined to pilser and Steal so that your Petitionrs. has sustained many great losses thereby and fourtheir [...] Petr sd. wife being intrusted wth. a conciderable value of other Persons Effects and is very Poor and not able to make restitution for such damages as he may Sustain and is irrelievable but by yor. Worships Great Goodness and Powerfull protection Your Petitionr. having done his utmost to prevail upon the sd. Parish Officers to grant him relief and receive the sd. Child again into their Workhouse where shee with care might be worried from her Accomplaces who are unknown to your Petitionr. but refuse to comply wth. yor. Petitionrs. humble request The truth and verily of your Petitionrs. Complaint is humbly refferred to the Worshipfull Justice Deviel who was pleased to Examine the sd Child touching the matters Contained in your Petitionrs. Just Complaint

Wherefore your destressed Petitionrs. in all Humility beg that yor. Worship May be Graciously please to take their hard case into your wife Consideration and Grant yor. Order directed to the sd. Parish Officers to Ease your Petitionrs. heavy burthan by receiveing the sd Child to the care of the sd. Parish together with her necessaries [---] purchased wth. the sd. twenty Shilling he having sustained many gesat losss. and not able to make further restitution And yor. Petrs. through tenderness humbly begs to be Excused having on a prosecution as that Law directs Etc.

And they as induty Bound will Pray

William & Ellizabeth Frazier

