To the Worshipful Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex

The Humble Petition of Thomas Kinman the Elden and Thomas Kinman the Younger

Sheweth That the said Thomas Kinman the Younger by Indre bearing date the 25th. of Novr. 1769 was bound Apprentice to Thomas Chance of Fleet Lane in the Parish of St. Sepulchre Coach Maker for the Terms of Seven Years And the said Thomas Chance in Consideration of £30. did agree to Beach & instruct the said Thos. Kinman the Younger the Art & Mystery of a Coach maker which the then

That your Petitioners Said Father Thos. Kinman the Elder was to find & provide for your said Petr. his Son All sorts of Wearing Appearel Woolen Linnan Shoes And Stocking & all Sorts of Working Tools during the Said Term

That the said Thomas Chance during his residence in Fleet Lane which was near two Years & a half after your Petr. Thor. Kinman was so bound instead of employing your Said Petr. in the Business of a Coach Maker Frequently employed him in the most Servile employments Vist. pulling Down an old Wall where a Copper had been Set clearing the Bricks Carrying away the Rublich, paveing the Yard fetching Grains, & feeding Hogs whereby great part of his time was lost from his proper Business

That after Midsummer 1772 the said Thomas Chance removed to Tottenham High Cross leaving yr. Petr. Thos. Kinman Junr. to clear away the Rubbish & pave another Yard which took near a Months time & other he went home to his Masters at Tottenham where instead of employing him in Coach making he Set him to driving of a Cart [...] ek wards & towards from London to Tottenham to fetch Lime & other Materials, Making of Mortice for building some Houses, digging in the Garden & other such Servile employments until sometime in the Month of July or August last when the Apprentice complained to his Friends of the Manner in which he was employed & that he Shod. not be able to learn his said Trade unless he had anor. Master the said Thos. Chance being frequently from home during the time he lived at Tottenham had No Journey man or an [...] Peter [...] Perton to Beach of. Petr. the Apprentice

That in pursuance of this Complaint a Letter was wrote to the Paid Thos Chance & sent by the said Apprentice requesting leave to go to anor. Master to Learn his Trade which the said Thos. Chance Consented to & gave him leave to take away his Tools & Cloaths upon which he put them in a Cart before his Master & came home to his Fathers House & in a few days who agreed to take an Assignmt. of the Indres in Easier his Father wod. give her £20. And when your Petr. the Apprentice had been there about five Weeks Mr. Johnson reced a Letter from the said Thos. Chance that if he kept his

Apprentice any longer an Action Shod. be brought against him upon wch. Mr. Johnstone discharged your Petr. the Apprentice saying he wod. not enter into a Law Sait with the said Charee about it but wod. take your Petr. again when lawfully discharged and yr. Petr. was obliged to go home to his Friends by whom he has been Maintained ever Since

That the said Thos. Charee [...] before the said Thos. Kinman the Younger do left him has frequently said to his that if his Father or Friends cod. get him anor. Master he wod. return the whole of the Money he received with him or Words to that effect

That your Petr Thos Kinman the Elder has new found a Master for has Said who is Rear to take him immediately but the said Thos. Chaner refuser to assign the Indre or return any of the Consideration Money the he has been applyed to for that purpose

Your Petitioner therefore most humbly pray your Worships that the said Apprentice May be discharged from the said Indenture and that the said Thos. Chance May not only be ordered to assign the same but to pay over a return Such part of the Consideration Money as the Court Shall thin a meet And to pay the Cost of this Application

And Yr. Petrs will ever pray

Jno. Howlett. Attorney for the Petrs

