That by a certain other Rate or Assessment made as aforesaid on or about the 7th. Day of July 1774. for one other Quarter beginning the said 25th. Day of March 1774. and ending the 24th. Day of June following for the purpose abovementioned your Petitioner is rated and assessed in the like Sum of one Pound for his said Chambers for and towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish.

That by a certian other Rate or Assessment made as aforesaid on or about the 11th. Day of October 1774 for one other Quarter beginning the said 24th. Day of June 1774. and ending the 29th. of September following for the purpose abovementioned your Petitioner is rated and assessed in the like Sum of one Pound for his said Chambers for and towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish.

That by a certain other Rate or Assessment made as aforesaid on or about the 5th. Day of January 1775. for one other Quarter beginning the said 29th. of September 1774. and ending the 25th. of December following for the purpose abovementioned your Petitioner is rated and assessed in the like Sum of one Pound for his paid Chambers for and towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish.

That by a certain other or Assessment made as aforesaid on or about the 4th. of May 1775. for one other Quarter beginning the said 25th. of December 1774. and ending the 25th. of March following for the purpose abovementioned your Petitioners rated and assessed in the like Sum of one Pound for his said Chambers for and towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish.

That by a certain other Rate or Assessment made as aforesaid on or about the 6th. Day of July 1775. for one other Quarter beginning the said 25th. Day of March 1775. and ending the 24th. [...] of June following for the purpose abovementioned your Petitioner is rated and assessed in the like Sum of one Pound for his said Chambers for and towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish.

That by a certain other Rate or Assessment made as aforesaid on or about the 13th. Day of October 1775.

for one other Quarter beginning the said 24th. Day of June 1775. and ending the 29th. of September following for the purpose abovementioned your Petitioner is rated and assessed in the like Sum of one Pound for his said Chambers for and towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish.

That by a certain other Rate or Assessment made as aforesaid on or about the 12th. Day of January 1776. for one other Quarter beginning the said 29th. of September 1775. and ending the 25th. of December following for the purpose abovementioned your Petitioner is rated and assessed in the like Sum of one Pound for his said Chambers for and towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish.

That by a certain other Rate or Assessment made as aforesaid on or about the 10th. Day of May 1776. for one other Quarter beginning the said 25th. Day of December 1775. and ending the 25th. of March following for the purpose abovementioned Your Petitioner is rated and assessed in the like Sum of one Pound for his said Chambers for and towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish.

That by a certain other Rate or Assessment made as aforesaid on or about the twelfth Day of July 1776. for one other Quarter beginning the said 25th. of March 1776. and ending the 24th. of June following for the purpose abovementioned your Petitioner is rated and assessed in the like Sum of one Pound for his said Chambers for and towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish.

That by a certain other Rate or Assessment made as aforesaid on or about the 18th. Day of October 1776. for one other Quarter beginning the said 24th. of June 1776. and ending the 29th. of September following for the purpose above mentioned your Petitioner is rated and assessed in the Sum of sixteen Shillings and eight Pence for his said Chambers for and towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish.

That by a certain other Rate or Assessment made as aforesaid on or about the 9th. Day of January 1777. for one other Quarter beginning the said 29th. of September 1776. and ending the 25th. of December following for the purpose abovementioned your Petitioner is rated and assessed in the like Sum of sixteen Shillings and eight Pence for his said Chambers for and towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish.

That on or about the 16th. Day of April last a Summons under the Hands and Seals of Richard Butler and William

Kitchiner Esquires two of his Majestys Justices of the Peace in and for the County of Middlesex was served on your Petitioner to appear before them on Friday then next at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon at the Vestry Room belonging to the said Parish of Saint of Clement Danes to shew Cause why he had refused or neglected to pay Twenty one Pounds (being the Amount of the several Sums so rated and assessed on your Petitioner as abovementioned) for five Years and a half Poor Rates due at Christmas last for his Chambers in Serles Court Lincolns Inn by the said Summons supposed to be in the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes.

That Your Petitioner and Appellant apprehends himself greatly aggrieved by his being so rated by the said several Rates or Assessments abovementioned for that his said Chambers either never were in the paid Parish of Saint Clement Danes or if they were yet the Ground whereon the same built or the far greater part thereof was antiently and long before the forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth by legal Authority taken out of the said Parish and before was never charged to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish nor is subject to any of the Usuages or Customs thereof

Your Petitioner therefore humbly prays that this Court will quash the several Rates herein before mentioned And that this Court will be pleased to award and order your Petitioner Costs respecting the present Appeal to be paid him by the Respondants or to grant your Petitioner such Relief in the Premisses as to your Worships shall seem meet and your Petitioner will ever pray Etc

Adams & J Einderley Sollrs. for the sd. Barwell Brown Esqr.

