To the Worshipful his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Session now assembled

The humble Petition of Jacob Vale of Tyler Street Carnaby Market in the parish of St: James in the Liberty of Westminster, Brush maker,

Sheweth That Joseph Hack is an Apprentice to Your Petitioner and was bound to him on the 23d: day of October 1766 as by Indenture herewith produced appears with Whom the Sum of Ten Guineas was given or paid as an Apprentice Fee. And Your Petitoner humbly represents to your Worships, That the said Joseph Hack is an obstinate, ungovernable, disorderly, wicked, and dishonest Apprentice, He having in June last robbed your Petitioner, for Which he was at the Sessions in June last helo for the City and Liberty of Westminster tried for the same: But the Court recommended your Petitioner, to make another Trial of the said Joseph Flack; which he accordingly did. That the same day, on which the said Joseph Flack was tried for the above Offence he confessd to a Person of your Petitioner's Acquaintance, Who is now here in Court ready to testify the Truth upon his Oath, if required, That he had robbed your Petitioner of 5s.2d. 2 [...] , exclusive of the money he was tried for, and which last mentioned money he had secreted, and the same was found in the Rasters of your Petitioner's house, which is likewise here in Court, and ready to be produced, if required. And your Petitioner further represents to your Worships That the said Joseph Flack on the 13th. of July last absented himself from your Petitioner's Service, nor could he learn or discover Where he was, or What was become of him, but has lately found out, That he is in the Work house, belonging to St. James's Parish. And your Petitioner further represents to your Worships, That he apprehends it would be needless for him to remonstrate the many Inconveniences he might sustain by harbouring or entertaining a Thief in his Service,

And therefore prays he may be dismiss'd from the said Indentures, and that the said Apprentice may be discharged from his said Apprenticeship.

And your Petitioner, as in Duty bound, will Ever pray Etc.

