To the Worshipful the Justices for the County of Middlesex.

The humble Petition of the Several Journeymen Taylors whose names are hereunto Subscribed on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Journeymen Taylors who work and reside within those parts of the weekly Bills of Mortality which are within the said County of Middlesex.

Sheweth That by an Order made at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at Hicks Hall in and for the said County of Middlesex by Adjournment on Thursday the Nineteenth day of January 1764. this Honourable Court in pursuance of the Power vested in them by the Statute in that case made and provided did (amongst other things) Order and Appoint That from that day there should be paid to every Journey man Taylor or other person employed or to be Employed or retained as a Journeyman Taylor over and above three half pence for Breakfast any sum not exceeding two shillings and six pence by the day And that in case of any Order for a General Mourning published by the Earl Marshal of England in the London Gazette, that then for the space of one callender month from the time of the publication of any such Order there should be paid to every Journeyman Taylor or other person Employed or to be Employed or retained as a Journeyman Taylor for his work during the hours therein mentioned (over and besides one penny half penny for Breakfast) instead of the said sum of two shillings and six pence any sum not exceeding Five shillings by the day.

And by another Order made on the first day of May in the same year the House of week were fixed to be from Six in the Morning to Seven in the Evening the year round.

That your Petitioners with the deepest Sense of Gratitude Acknowledge the Condescension and Indulgence (which they have always experienced from this honourable Court and in pursuance of the Liberty given them by the said Act of Parliament of Applying for an increase of their Wages They humbly beg leave to inform your Worships That by reason of the present Advanced Price

a Journeyman Taylor for his work during the hours therein mentioned (over and besides one penny half penny for Breakfast) instead of the said sum of two shillings and six pence any sum not exceeding Five shillings by the day.

And by another Order made on the first day of May in the same year the Hou [...] of [...] were fixed to be from Six in the morning to Seven in the Evening the year round.

That your Petitioners with the deepest Sense of Gratitude Acknowledge the Condescension and Indulgence (which they have always experienced from this honourable Court and in pursuance of the Liberty given them by the said Act of Parliament of Applying for an increase of their Wages They humbly beg leave to inform your Worships That by reason of the present Advanced Price of all the necessaries of Life They are unable to Maintain themselves and their Families upon the Wages now Stipulated.

That many of the Master Taylors within those parts of the weekly Bills of Mortality which are in the County of Middlesex Out of a humane and Compassion ate Sense of the Hardships your Petitioners labour under by the means aforesaid are ready and willing to increase the Wages to three shillings a day But such Masters think themselves not safe in so doing Until a proper Alteration be made in the Premisses by the Authority of this Honourable Court.

That Your Petitioners since the making of the last Order have conformed thereto and never Attempted to or entred into any Combination or Confederacy whatsoever to Oppose the same.

Your Petitioners therefore most humbly pray your Worships to take the Premises into Consideration and that you will be pleased to make such Order therein for the Relief of your Petitioners as to the increase of their Wages as to your Worships in your great wisdom shall seem meet.

And your Petitioners (as in duty bound) shall ever pray Etc.

Matth Gilder James Fenton Jes: [...] Eas [...] one [...] William Bourk Cornelius Vanhorn Thomas Bottorns

Richd Griffiths William Schak Rohde Thos Williams Wm: Lloyd

Oliver Cox John Magenis Nehemiah Griffith James Herberts Jald Thompson Josh Ward

