[...] ye: Rgt: Worpll: his Matis: Justices of ye. peace for ye. County of Middx.

The humble peticon & appeale of William Birchfeild, Ralph pyson, Henry Moreton, Thomas Berryman; John Lambert, & Joseph Russell Inhabitants of ye. Liberty of Norton Follgate in ye. sd. County.

Sheweth. That your peticoners are Severally rated 2s: p: Month to ye. Rate made for ye. releife of ye. poor of ye. sd Liberty; That your peticoners. humbly Conceives themselves not equally rated; for that there are Severall persons in ye. sd Liberty. that Lives in houses of far. greater rents & are of farr greater abilytyes them Your peticoners did appeale at ye. Last Quarter Sessions of ye peace held for this County agt. a former Rate made for ye. use aforesd., & upon heareinge all partyes before Two of his Maties: Justices of ye peace of this County. to whome ye. Same was by an Order of ye. sd Last Quarter Sessions refferred; ye. sd Two Justices did then report & declare that Your peticoners were not equally rated, & had just Cause to Complaine; but ye. officers of ye. Sd Libty then desired that if your peticoners would pay that Rate, they Should be eased for ye. future; to which they Consented Yet Not wth stand Such promise & agreemt. of ye. sd officers, before ye. sd Two Justices, your peticonrs: & all other psons of ye. sd. Libty are now rated as formerly. wth. out haveinge any regaurd to ye. abilytyes of any psons therein whereby ye: peticoners findes them Selves very much agreived

Yr. peticoners therefore most humbly prayed that Your Worsps will be pleased to grant an Order of this Honable. Court that they may be releived in ye. premisses as to your Worsps shall Seem meet,

Middx ss. To ye. Ovrseers of ye. poor of ye. Liberty of Norton Follgate in sd County: And Yr. peticoners shall ever pray Etc:

pursuant to ye. Order of ye. Genrll. Quarter Sessions of ye. peace wthin named We whose names are hereunto Subscribed Two of his Maties. Justices of ye. peace for ye sd County doe hereby Sumon you to appeare before us, at ye. Signe of ye. Kings Armes over agt. ye. church of ye. pish of St. Leonard Shoreditch in ye. sd County. on Thursday ye. 31 day of this Instt. May [...] at Three of ye. Clock in ye. afternoon; then & there to heare ye. Compll. of ye. Severall peticoners above named whoe haw appealed at ye. Sd. Quarter Sessions agt. ye. Rate made for ye. releife of ye. poor of ye. sd Liberty Given under our hands this 28: day of May ano: Dom 1716:

W Birchfield Ralph Pills [...] Henry morton Tho: Berryman John Lambert Jos: Russell

Alex: Pitfeild. Sam Benson

