To His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Session of the Peace held for the said County on Thursday the Seventh day of December 1780.

The Humble Representation and Petition of Samuel Newport Keeper of New Prison at Clerkenwell.

Sheweth That at the General Quarter Session of the peace held for this County in the Month of October 1779 Your Petitioner was appointed through your Worships favour to the office of Keeper of New Prison at Clerkenwell which he now holds; at the time of his Appointment and long before the average Number of Prisoners confined in New Prison were about 40. and upon an average 15 were for trial at the Old Bailey.

That Your Petitioner is allowed a Sallary of £70. a Year and that the rest of the emoluments of his Office arise from the fees paid by persons discharged out of his Custody either by Warrant of a Magistrate or upon the expiration of the Sentence under which they are Committed and for the Use of Beds within the Goal.

That heretofore the Keeper of the Prison had the Benefit arising from the sale of Victuals and Liquor at the Tap but now these advantages an in the Hands of another.

That the Persons generally committed to New Prison are persons suspected of felony or of high misdemeanors or who an Guilty thereof and are frequently in the most distressed circumstances and not able to pay any fees whatever.

That since the late Riots, and the distruction of the Gaol of Newgate the Number of Prisoners in Your Petitioners Custody have been upon an average 150 or more and are daily increasing, 80 or 90 of which have been for Trial at one Session at the Old Bailey,

That there being now no Gaol of equal security in the County of Middlesex with New Prison not even all Prisoners of such Description as was usually committed to Newgate, but also the greatest part of those who have been tried at the Old Bailey, and received the Judgement of the law for Capital.

offences are committed to his care, New Prison being now made use of as the County Goal.

That now instead of removing the Prisoners for trial at the Old Bailey at once as heretofore Your Petitioner is obliged to take every Prisoner when the Court are ready for the trial of him singly and also obliged to bring such Prisoner back to the Prison if Convicted or not tried; that persons even who are committed for trial at County assizes, and are to be taken there Under a Writ of Habeas Corpus are sent to him for safe Custody but the advantage arising by the removal is obtained by another,

That the Number of Persons of this description now in his Custody amount to 139 above 40 of which are for trial at the Old Bailey and that they are persons of the most desperate and licencious conduct and continually endeavouring to Escape, that in consequence of the unruly behaviour of these persons and of their Number your Petitioner hath been obliged to keep Eight Servants that the Money paid by him for the necessary assistance of Servants for the safe Custody of the Prisoners in his Gaol amounts to £130 Per Annum.

That this very great expence is nearly equal to the Profits of his Office, that in consequence of the number of persons committed to his care he is obliged to confine the Prisoners into every part of the Prison, and the Prison is thence rendered very insecure, and on this Account several Persons have effected their Escape some of whom he has been fortunate enough to recover at an expence of upwards of Fifty Guineas as Your Petitioners receipts will Show, and is liable to the payment of 30 Guineas more.

That on the above accounts your petitioners situation is become truly distressing both on Account of the inadequacy of the pecuniary benefits to the trouble of his Office, as on Account of the Anxiety of mind attending the Execution of it,

Your Worships petitioner therefore humbly prays that Your Worships will be pleased to take his present situation into consideration and make him such allowance or recompence for the extraordinary trouble and changes brought upon him in the present situation of this County as to your Worships shall seem meet and Your Worships Petitioner will ever pray, Etc.

Samuel Newport.

