To the Worshipfull his Majestys Justices of the peace for the County of Middlesex in Sessions at Hicks Hall

The humble petition of Charles Moore son of Charles Moore of the parish of saint Andrew Holbourn in the County of Middlesex Gentleman

Sheweth That your Petr. by Indenture bearing date the 5th. day of May 1735 was bound apprentice to John of the parish of saint ann Westminster Apothecary, for the Term of Eight years to learn his Art and Mistery of an Apothecary And in Consideration thereof and his Masters Covenant in the said Indenture to find him Sufficient Meat, Drink, and all other Necessaryes your Petrs. said Father paid to the said John Benquet the sume of fifty two pounds ten shillings at two several payments.

That your petr. in pursuance of his said Indenture, Entred into his Master's Service and continued therein for the space of one year or thereabouts, without much ill usage from his said Master but about that time the second payment of the fifty two pounds ten shillings Crecomeing due, and being paid, your petrs. said Master soon afterwards ordered your petr. to clean his shoes every Morning, which your Petr for sometime Submitted to But afterwards telling his said Father thereof and by his Advise refuseing to do it, his said Master thereupon denyed him to duie at his Table as formorly according to his Agreement and obliged him to duie with his servant Maid and he not having sufficient Business to employ your Petr. in the Way of his Trade as an Apothecary, Employed him upon his Frivolous Errands and in service work forreign to his Business as an Apothecary and your Petr. had not from that time sufficient Meat and Drink the same being locked up from him, and he was often forced to Drink Water and to eat stinking meat and fish and other unholsome provisions and sometimes lay without a street to his Bed whilest the same was Washing Yet notwith standing all this your Petr. (by reason of the stern usage and harsh language of his said Master who often upon the Slightest occasion swere at and threatened to murder and sacrifice your petr.) durst not complaine, but was for sometime supplyed with provisions from his Fathers House.

That besides the ill usage aforesaid your petr. has been often prwately Beat kicked and much abused by his said Masters in his shop, and often bid togo home to his Father, And particularly on the second day of [...] this Instant May his said Master in a [...] lent passion took up a knife and swore he would

Sacrifice him if he did not immediately go out of his House upon which you petr. being extreamly terrified apprehending himselfe to be in danger of his [...] went house to his Fathers House, and has continued there ever since.

That your petrs. said Master has not Business in his Trade to Employ halfe the time of an Apprentice and yet as your Petrs. is credibly informed and beleived he is Endeavouring to take auother Apprentice with whome he is to have a Sume of money and your Petr. believes the reason of his ill usage aforesaid was to gett ridd of your Petr. in order to make way for such other Apprentice altho he seems to Insist on your Petrs. serveing there remainder of this time which is impossible for your Petrs. to doe.

Your Petr. therefore humbly prays your Worships that he may be discharged of his said [...] Apprenticeship

And your Petr. shall ever pray Etc Chare:Moore

