To the Right Worshipful His Majesties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace Assembled

The humble Petition of John Coleman

Humbly Sheweth That by Indentures of Apprenticeship bearing Date the Fourth day of February 1734 Your Petr: did put himself Apprentice to Samuel Harris (of Good mans Fields in the parish of St. Mary White Chappel in the County of Middlesex) a foreign Brother of the Mistery & Comonalty of Barbers & Surgeon of London to learn his Art Etc with him (after the manner of an Apprentice) to serve from the day of the Date for the Term of Seven Years

That Your Petrs. Father gave his Master Fifty five Guineas on his being put to Apprentice and likewise a Bond in the Penalty of One hundred Pounds Conditioned for the finding Your Petr. Cloath & Washing during his Apprenticeship and also that Your Petr. should truly perform the Covenants contained in those Indentures on his behalfe to be done & performed.

That soon after Your Petrs. coming to his said Master from a very friendly & civil Treatment his Master intirely changed (contrary to his express Premisses) to treat Your Petr: in a very unham- some manner: Providing him with very improper & unholsome Diet, keeping him in Attendance at Taverns & Victualling Houses to light him home till late at Night & some times early in the Morning and by opprobious Language & other ill Usage endeavouring as much as possible as Your Petr: apprehends to oblidge him to quilt his said Apprenticeship And has frequently declared he never would teach Your Petr. his said Business nor employ him in the same

That Your Petrs. said Master did bring an Action against Your Petrs. Father to recover the Penalty of the said Bond & the same was brought on to Trial by his said Master the Sittings after last Hillary Term but it going against his said Master there has been no likelyhood of a Reconcilation Since

That Your Petr. Master has so little Employment in the Business of a Surgeon that Your Petr: doth verily believe he shall never be likely to learn that Business with him

Therefore Your Petr. most humbly Prays this Honble Court will be pleased to Order that Your Petr: may be discharged from his said Master and to Grant him such other relief as to You in Your Great Justice & Equity shall seem meet

And Your Petitioner shall ever Pray Etc

John Coleman

