To The Worshipfull His Maties-Justices of the Peace for the County of Middx at their Quarters Sessions at Hicks hall Assembled.

The Humble petition and Appeale of Severall Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holbourn above Barrs in the County of Middx in behalfe of themselves and driverse other Inhabitants of the Said Liberty.

Sheweth That On Easter Monday last being the Thirtieth of March the Churchwarden Overseers Constables and Surveyors of the Highwaies and at least twenty other Antient Inhabitants of the Paid Liberty met at Turnstile Coffee house in Holbourn and did then and there According to Antient Custom Choose scavingers as also did Agree upon a List of Fourteen able House keepers to be returned to the Justices Inhabiting within the Said Liberty in Order for their Approveing and Confirming of seven of them to Serve the Offices of Overseers of the Poor for this present Year 1719

That on Tuesday the 31st. of March the day following a Coppy of the Said List was Carryed to pr Edward Gould Knt-and the Honble-Nathaniell Booth Esqr two of his Maties Justices of the Peace Inhabiting within the Said Liberty who under their hands and Seales Approved and Confirmed According to Law Seven able and Substantialls persons out of the Said List of Fourteen for Overseers (vizt) Richard Bennion James Morris Samuell Robert Richard Elwood John Cox Richard Gibbs and Thomas Stephens.

That on fryday the third of Aprill following (being three dayes after the above Overseers were Confirmed) John Metcalfe Esqr onr of his Maties Justices of the Peace whom your Petitionrs presume had Notice of the Confirming the Seven above by the Said two Justices did take upon him to Go to the Petty Sessions at Bloomsbury in the Parish of Snt. Giles (tho' [...] many Years last past. none of the Overseers of Snt. Andrews have been Confirmed there) where unknown to the Justices there as Your Petr. very beleived and Like wise unknown to Sr. Edward Gould and [...] Booth Seven persons were there Confirmed under the hands and Seales of Four Justices two where [...] not in the List of Fourteen and [...] others which were Confirmed by the Said two Justices were Struck out (vizt) Richard Be [...] James Morris Richard Gibbs and Thomas Stephens [...] proceedings at the [...] msbury being Subsequent to the Order of two [...] Peticonrs. are advised is

Appeale of Inhitants of St. Andrews Holborne above barrs

Co: on both sides by consent both appointints. quashed

A new eleccon to be made Justices of [...] the parish of St. Andrew Holborn to have notice

to meet at Castle tavern Holborn on wed [---] next at 10 cl

April 1719

5s.

