To the Majestys Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in the General quarter Session holden in January 1783 assembled

The Humble Petition of James Crozier Governor of the House of Correction at Clerkenwell

Sheweth That in the Month of July 1781 Your Petitioner was through Your Worships favour appointed Governor of the House of Correction at Clerkenwell soon after which time Your Petitioner was afflicted with a very Violent nervous disorder which frequently rendered him incapable of attending to the Duties of the Office.

On this account Your Petitioner was obliged to repose a great degree of confidence in the Servants and to rely often upon their integrity and care alone In a situation like his any dependence upon another must be attended with risque and danger; the truth of which he has unfortunately and fatally experienced fatal and unfortunate as the experience hath turned out to him he trusts when his situation in respect to health shall be adverted to he shall be deemed an object rather of compassion than of censure Want of health may be a calamity but cannot be a crime, he therefore hopes that Gentlemen will kindly look to disapprobation. It was allways his inclination to execute the duties of his office with such a degree of assiduity and integrity as would have reflected credit on himself and would not have disgraced those who had done him the honour to recommend and support him. The disorder with which he is afflicted has increased of late to such a degree that his Life is not. only Precarious but Curshensome and as he is rendered incapable of executing the common duties of Life with ease and comfort he

he cannot think of holding an office in which Vigilance and activity are such requisite qualities He therefore takes leave to resign [...] and hopes that by Resignation he may afford an opportunity for [...] appointment of a Person more able in Point of health and abilities to execute the office.

Your Worships Petitioner has laid out some [...] Money in the Purchase of Furniture, Fixtures in the Keepers then [...] and also in the Repair of the said House which Money he [...] Your Worships will be Pleased to repay or order his Success [...] to do.

Your Petitioner begs Permission to return Your Worships his most hearty thanks for the favours he has received and he hopes that the effresions of gratitude will not be deemeet impertinent when he humbly and sincerely wishes Your Worships the full enjoyment of good health that greatest of all earthly blessings which in all human Probability from his miserable situation and the short time that he expects to live he shall never more enjoy

Ja Crozier

