To the Worshipful his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Session of the Peace assembled

The humble Petition of Joseph Beanment late one of the Saweyars of the Highways of the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex

Sheweth That by an Order under the Hands and Seals of Jacob Leroux Edmond Pepys and Samuel Foyster Esquires three of his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex made at a Special Sessions held at the Commissioners Rooser Sommers Town in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the said County on Saturday the thirteenth Day of February 1796 for the Purpose of examining the Accvints of the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Parish for the last Year which had not then yot been seven to stating that having examined the Auvent of your Petitioner Joseph Beaument one of the said Surveyors in which were several terms that had not been explained and verified by proper Evidence to the Satisfaction of the said Instries and also other Hens which ought not to have been charged to the Parish anseenting to the Sum of twenty four Pounds Sixteen Stuttings the said prstices did therefore dis allow the save and did adjudge that the Sum of £ 24.. 16 together with the Sum of £ 10.. 9.. 9(the Balance Stated by Your Petitioner in his said Aversent )amvesting together to the Sum of £35.. 5.. 9 then remained die to the said Parish and did amungst other Things order and divert your Petitioner forthwith to pay to Mr Paul Barbot the present Surveyor the said Sum of £35.. 5.. 9 whereby so far as regards the said Sum of £ 24.. 16 Your Petitioner canceives himself aggrieved that

That your Petitioner did on the eighteenth Day of February last (being within six Days after the making of the said Order) cause [...] in writing to be duly given to the said Jacob Leroux Edmund Pepys and Samuel Foystor of you Petitioner Intentive to appeal against the said Order and of the Matter thereof and did within from Days after such Notice enter unto such Recognizance before Richard Holbrock Esquire own of his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the said County with one sufficient Surely as is directed by the Act of Parliament in that Case made and provided

Your Petitioner therefore humbly appeals against the said Order and prays that the Benefit of his said Appeal may be saved such him and the hearing and determining thereof adjourned unto the next General Quarter Session of the Peace to he holden for the said County

And Your Petitioner shall ever pray Etc

J. Beaumont

