To the Rt. Worspll. his Majties. Justices of the Peace for the County of Middx.

The Humble Peticon of Henry Matkris gent one of the High Constables of ye Hundred of Edmonton in this County

Sheweth That yor. Petr. for sevll. years now last past has been appointed by this Court to Pass and Convey the Vagrants through this County at the allowance of Forty Pounds Per Annum Salary

That in October Sessions in ye year 1728 Yor. Peetr. obtained an Order of this Court on Thomas Jones Gent (then Trearer) for ye Sume of Twenty Pounds for one halfe years Salary due to him and ending at Michmas. then last Past

That in April following yor. Petr. obtained the like Order on the sd Thos. Jones for the further Sume of Twenty Pounds also due to yor. Petr. for another halfe yrs. Salary ending at Lady day 1729.

And That yor. Petr. did frequently apply to ye sd Thomas Jones, by himselfe or his Agents for Paymt. of the sd Sumes, but could never receive the same or any Part thereof

That in April now last Past yor. Petr. likewise obtained an Order of this Court on William Cotesworth Esqr the Prsent. Trearer (of the Money's levyed so ye passing of Vagrts.) as well for Paymt. of the sd Sume of Forty Pounds being so unpayd by the sd Thos. Jones as aforesd. as also for Paymts. of the Further Sume of forty pounds being due to yor. Petr. for one whole years Salary ending at Lady day 1730, which makes' Eighty Pounds in the whole

as by the said last menconed Order doth and may appear; with which said Order yor. Petr. has sevll. times (by himselfe and his Agents) applyed to the sd Mr. Cotesworth for ye Paymt. thereof but wth. out any Releife or Satisfaccon in the Prmisses, for that the whole remains yet unpayd to yor. Petr.

And Yor. Petr. further Sheweth That there is also due to yor. Petr. the further Sume of Twenty Pounds for one halfe yrs Salary (for the like Service as aforesaid) ending at Michmas. now last Past

Yor. Petr. therefore most humbly Prays Yor. Worshps. would be pleased to take the Prmisses. into Yor. Consideracon And to make such Orders for the speedy Releife of yor. Petr. [...] therein, and for the Payment of the sd sevll. Sumes as to this Honble. Court shall seem meet

And yor. Petr. shall ever Pray Etc.

Hen Mackris

