To the Rt. Worshipfull his Maties Justice [...] of the peace for the County of Middx

Sheweth The humble Peticon of James Shegg now in Custody in Bridewell for the said County of Middx

That yor. Peticoner stands convicted before the Honble. Major General John Pepper & John Evans Esqr. two of his Maties Justices of the peace for the sd County as by the Coppy of the Comitment to Bridewell aforesd hereunto annexed appears

That Yor. Peticoner being a Farmer & renting between twenty and thirty pounds P Annu and living near End field Chase in the sd County of Middx going home to his house through the sd Chase did gather a Small parcel of Wood called Horn beam Wood And Yor. Peticoner being under the displeasure of Wm. Yates & Richd. Wilkinson two of the Keepers belonging to the Said Chase was accused by them before their Worships Major General John Pepper & John Evans Esqr. for being found with a Bundle of Trees or Wood on his Shoulder in the Said Chase and was convicted before their Worships for the Same.

That Yor. Peticoner hopes their Worships with this Honble. Bench will take his unfortunate Case into yor. Consideracon he having a Wife & five Small Children to maintain and that he may not be kept in prison to the utter ruin of himself & poor Family. And he hopes it will appear to yor. Worships by a Certificate under the hands of divers persons here unto annexed that Yor. Peticoner is a person of that Character that will be satisfactory to yor. Worships to release him from his Confinement in prison he being never before this time accused or convicted of any Crimes of this Nature. And yor. Peticoner humbly Submits himself to yor. Worships Consideracon whether he is a person intended within the Act of the first year of his present Maties Reign Intituled An Act to Encourage the Planting of TImber Tree

and other Trees, for Ornament, Shelter or Profit; And for the better preservation of the same; And for the preventing of Burning of Woods

And Yor. Peticoner as in Duty bound shall ever pray Etc

