To the Worshipfull Bench of Justices for the County of Middx now in Session at Hicks Hall

The humble Petition of James Whitehead

Sheweth That your petr. was putt out an Apprentice to Richard Kent of the Parish of St. Dunstan Stepney to Learn the Art of a Blacksmith and Edge Tool maker by Indenture dated the 24th. day of July 1729 And your petr. Father paid the Sum of four pounds wth. him.

That your petr hath duely and faithfully Served his Said Master upwards of four Years under very great Difficultys being pinched for Victualls and other Necessarys his said Master Keeping no Drink in his house and locking up all Necessary Food from him Which your Petr. Father having notice of in or about the Month of January last applyed to your petrs. Master and Complained of your petrs. hard Treatment in Beating and Starving him who the [...] promised his said Father that your Petr. should have a Sufficienacy of every thing pursuans to his Indenture but in May last his said Master forced your Petr. to Enter into an Agreement to take Six pence a day to maintaine himself which is not half Sufficient to Suffice a Hale young Fellow about 18 Years of Age as your petr. is in Such a hott & laberious Trade

That your Petr. having no Dyett in the Family was obliged at Meal times to go into the Neighbourhood for his provission and if he happened to stay but halfe a Quarter of an hour longer than ordinary was always rated and Some times beat by his said Master which Occasioned your Petr. on Sunday the 29th. July last to go over to his Father to Rotherhith in Surry to Acquaint him wth. Such his ill usuage and want of necessary Support under the said Agreement which was unknown to your Petr. said Father till then And after your petr. had Dined & Supped with his Father he returned home to his Masters about Nine o clock at night who refused to Lett him in On which he returned to his Father and acquainted him therewith and he imediatly came back wth yor petr. to his Masters and after Some discourse between them Your petr. was admitted into the house and continued there under the former Treatment (Without giving any offence to his Sd. Master) till Wednesday the 1st. of this instant August On which day his said Master took him before Mr. Justice Brain and Comitted him to the house of Correction where he did not stay long before his sd. Father had notice and on his Application to Justice Brain and putting in Bail your petr. was discharged from his Confinemt. And his sd. Father took yor pet: to his Master's house and the Family being in Bed he went home wth. his Father and the Sunday fellowing his Father went wth. him to his Master who received him but Still continues under the Same hardships & want of necesary Support and threatned by his Master with Bridewell and Newgate if he complaines at any time And tells Your petr. that he will never Learn him the Mistery of his Trade.

Your petr. therefore humbly prays that this honoble Court will grant an Ordr. for the Sd. Richard Kent his Master to Attend this honoble Court and bring your petr. (who is now in his Custody) unto Court to make out his Complaint & also his Indenture of Apprenticeship And that your petr. may be discharged therefrom and have such Releif as to Justice & this honoble Bench shall Seem meet

And your Petr. shall ever pray Etc. James Whitehead

