To the Worshipful His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Session assembled.

The Humble Petition of Gervase Scrope Esqr. and Joseph Goodson Surveyors of the Highways in the Parish of Ruyslip in the County aforesaid.

Sheweth That the duty directed by the late Act of Parlia- ment for the Amendment and preservation of the Highways in this Kingdom to be Performed And the Money thereby authorized to be collected [---] & Received has been performed applied & Expended According to the direction of the said Act in the Course of the current Year

That Your Petitioners have passed their Accots. And Your Petitioner Gervase Scrope being still in disburse the Sum of Ninety pounds eight Shill. and eight pence farthing and has been therefore Appointed to serve the said office for the year ensuing.

That Your sd Petitioner cannot be otherwise reim- bursed nor the highways of the said Parish sufficiently amended and repaired by the mean prescribed for the Statute duty & composition Money of the ensuing Year

That an equal Rate of Six pence in the pound will produce the Sum of One Hundred and [---] Twelve

Pounds or thereabouts according to the best of the judgment of Your Petitioners.

That Your Petitioners have caused notice to be given in the Church of the Parish aforesaid on Sunday the fourteenth Day of this Instant October of their Intention to make this application.

That Your Petitioners being desirous to repair and support the Highways within the said parish to the best of their ability

Pray the aid and order of this honble Court for an assessment upon the occupies of Lands Tenements & Hereditaments within the said Parish not to exceed 6d. in the pound to be made levied and Collected by such Person or Persons And allowed in such manner as Your Worship shall please to direct and appoint in that behalf to enable Your petitioners to proceed in such repairs according to the said Act of Parliament

Gervase Scrope for my self & Jos. Goodson.

The abovenamed Petitioner Gervase Scrope[---] makes Oath and says that the Substance of the said Petition and the Several Facts therein Stated are true according to the best of [---] his knowledge & belief.

Gervase Scrope

[---] Sworn at Hicks hall the 25th. of October 1770. by the above mentioned Gervase Scrope By the Court John Brettell

