To the Worshipfull The Justices for the County of Middlesex at their General or Quarter Sessions Assembled

The Humble Petition of Thomas Brearly of George Shut Spitel Fields Silk Throwster

Sheweth That Your, Petitioner on or about the Sixth day of Jany 1778 received from Mr. John Griffin a Master about Eight pounds Weight of Silk to throw and which your Petitioner Proceeded on

That your Petitioner Proceeding in the said Work was Mobaled by One William Smith a Head Borough who Scarched your Petitioners House and took away £6..140oz of the said Silk Some other Part thereof being upon your Petrs. Throwing Mill which the Said William Smith left be hind

That the said William Smith Pretended he Entered your Petr, House by Virtue of a Warrant from William Quarrell Esqr. one of his Majesty Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex which had been Granted to Messrs. Goudge and Nicholls on their Sugesting that your Petr. had in his House Embezzled Silk

That when your Petr. demanded a Copy of the Said Search Warrt. a Copy of one was delivered as granted by two Justices and not of the same Warrant Shewn at the time the said Goods were Seized by which Copy of the Warrant delivered to your Petr. it Appears that Samuel Nicholls had made Oath before the said William Querrell and James Spalding that he the Said Saml. Nicholls had lately delivered to one Joseph Forrest a Quanty. of Silk to be worked up and Manufactured and that he had Cause to Suspect and did Suspect that the said Joseph Forrest had Embezzeled the Silk so delivered to him and that there was Just Cause to Suspect that the said Embezzled or Purloined Silk was Concealed in the Dwelling house of your Petitioner

That your Petitioner was taken as he believes by Virtue of Said

Said first Warrant before the Said Justice Querrell only who took Security for your Petitioner to Appear before him on the 4th day of Feby. to Anor. Touching the Said Charge

That no Particular hour being mentioned for your Petitioner to Appear Your Petitioner Gave Notice to the said Justice and the prosecutor that he Should Appear at five OClock that day to Anor. to the said Charge except the said Justice Should appoint another time at which time yr. Petitioner expected to have been heard

That Your Petitioner had appointed his Atty. and the said John Griffin to Attend on the 4th. day of Feby. at five o Clock to make a defence against the said Conviction

That Shortly after Service of the Said Notice the Said William Smith apprehend your Petitioner about 11 o Clock in the forenoon of the said day witht, any or Warrant but his former one and brought your Petr. before the said Mr. Quarrell and John Sherwood Esqr. One other of his Majestys Justices for Middlesexwho your Petitioner informed of Such Notice and of his Atty. being Appointed to Attend at five o Clock that Evening and requested the said Hearing to be Put off which the said Justices refused to Permit And the said Justices proceeded on the Charge Against your Petitioner

That your Petitioner Worked for Mrs. Hopkins and a Mr. Mesa & the said Goudge and Nicholls immediately after your Petitioners House was searched appleed to them and prevented your Petitioner having men Work from them for which reason your Petitioner would not inform the said Goudge & Nichols for whom your Petr. Work as they were Endeavouring to Ruin your Petitioner

That your Petr. was Convicted on the Oath of the said William Smith only And the Said Nichols or Goudge or either of them did not Pretend the Silk Taken Out of your Petitioners house was the Silk of them or either of them nor that the Same was of the Same Lort which the said Saml. Nichols Alledged had been Embezzeled by the Sd. Forrest

That in Truth the Silk taken out of your Petitioners House was never and Prusian Silk and as the said Nichols alledged the said Silk of him that had been Embezzled by the said Forrest was a sort Called Bengall or Flatts and Quite a difft. Sort of Silk to that Seized of your Petitioner

That no Person was Examined before the said Justices at the time of the said Convict or expect the Constable who Searched your Petrs. House and also the said Nicholas attended he refused to be Sworn or further to Prosecute the same the said Nicholls being Consious that the said Silk could not be his Property by reason of it being a Quite different Sort of what he lost or alledged he had lost

That your Petr. is in no wise Guilty of the said Offence wherewith he is Charged by the said Conviction

Your Petitioner therefore most Humbly Prays your Worships that the said Conviction may be Quashed and that the prosecutor thereof may Pay yr. Petitioner his Costs Arising by reason of the said Prosecution & this Appeal

A Yr. Petitioner Shall ever Pray Etc

Middlesex at the Genl. Sessions of the Peace holden in and for the County of Middx at the Guild hall in King Street Westminster by Adjournment on Monday the Sixteenth day of Feby. in the Eighteenth year of the Reign of Our Sovereign Lord [---] George the third King of Great Britain Etc

It is Ordered that Samuel Nicholls and William Smith have Notice of the within Appeal and that they and all others Concerned Do attend this Court on Thursday the nineteenth day of Feby. Instant at nine of the Clock in the forenoon to hear the Judgmt. & Determination of this Court touching the said Appeal

