To the Right Honourable Sir Crispe Gascoyne Knt. Lord Mayor of the City of London and the rest of the Worhsipfull Aldermen at this present General Sessions Assembled at Justices Hall in the Old Baily

Sheweth, The Humble Petition of Thomas Wilson

That your Lordships Petr. was and is now a Servant in the Capacity of a Footman to Lady Grissell Murray of Dukes Street St. James's and has no Wages who on or about the Seventeenth of July last was Robbed by One James Rivers of a Blue Cloth Coat with Metal Buttons of the Value of Ten Shillings the property of the said Lady Murray.

That your Lordships Petr. so having his Coat Role as aforesaid Acquainted several Persons who kept Sale Shops in Monmouth Street as he was advised so to do by his Friends and as that being a Place where he Imagined the Coat might be disposed of, And accordingly the said James Rivers went to One William Lamb a Salesman in Monmouth Street the next Morning and Offened the said Coat to him for sale, who knowing the Lwory and being Acquainted that your Lordships Pet. had lest such a Coat Immediately Charged the said Rivers with a Constable who Carryed him the said Rivers to Mr. Justice Fieldings whose Your Petr. Appeared and Swore that the Coat produced was that which the said Rivert had Stolen, and which was the Property of the said Lady Murray, Upon which Oath the said Rivers was Committed by the said Mr. Fielding to Gaol [...] and the on the Same day [...] being the Eighteenth of July last ye. Petr. Preferred a Bile of Indictment at Hicks's Hall agt. the said Rivers for the above Offence and was found by the Grand Jury there a true Bill.

And your Lordships Petr. was Ordered by the said Court as the Bill being so found to go down directly with his Witnesses to the Old Baily and to Prosecute the said James Rivers.

Upon which your Lordships. Petr. went directly down with his Witness in Order to prosecute the said Rivers, which he belives might be about two or Three o Clock in the afternoon of the said Eighteenth day of July last Where your Petr. waited till about

Seven or Eight o' Clock in the Evening of that day Expecting the Tryal to Come on (but was Informed that he had no Occasion to Stay any longer that night for the said Tryal would not come on till the next day, And Accordingly your Lordship Petr. on such Information went away with his witnesses, And Attended the next day being the Nineteenth day of the said Month of July from nine in the Morning till near Seven of of the Clock that Night, when He was Informed, by the Landlord of the Elephant and Castle in Fleet Lane that Rivers's Tryal, came On the first day of the Sessions And for want of your Lordships [...] Petr. not being present at that Time to Prosecute the Prisoner Rivers he was Acquitted.

Since which your Petr. has heard and beleives that his Recognizance was Ordered by the Court to be Estreated for want of Prosecution

Therefore your Lordships Petr. Humbly Pray that out of our Great Goodness and Clemeney yr Lordship will be Pleased to take his Case into Consideration as he being a Poor young Lad and Only as a Footman to the said Lady Murray and haveing no wages as aforesaid and at all the Expence of this Prosecutions is Out of his own pockett. and who did Attend to prosecute with his Witnesses but being advised as before mentioned and who Stawd all that day being the Eighteenth day of July last, [...] the very day ye. Lordships Petr. was deceived as to the Tryal Comeing on.

Your Lordships Petr. Therefore Humbly Prays that his Recognizance. which was last Sessions Ordered to be Estreated would be pleased not to roder the said Recognizance to be Estreated, but that it may now be discharged for the reason abovementioned

And yr Lordships Petr. as in Duly bound shall ever pray

Thomas Wilson

