To the Right Worshipfull Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex at their General Sessions at Hicks's Hall Assembled.

The Humble Petition and Appeale of John Combes

Sheweth That Your Petition On the Oath of One Elizabeth Margatroyd Singlewoman in Writing made on the Seventeenth of December One Thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Three before Richard Chamberlayne Esqr. and Jacob Harvey Esqr. Two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace One whereof being of the Quorum) By Virtue of a Warrent by them Granted agt. yr. Petr. Under their Hands and Seals Dated the day. and Year abovesaid was taken the upon To Answer to all such Matters and Things as on his Majesty's Behalf shod be Objected against him upon the Complaint of the Church Wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. Luke Old Street in the said County for unlawfully Begetting the said Elizabeth Murgatroyd of the said Parish of St. Luke with child of a Male Bastard Child already Born Charged able to the said Parish.

That Yr. Petr. was Taken upon the said Warrant on the Twenty Ninth day of January last and Committed to New Prison by Mr. Fielding for refuseing to Give Security to Indempnifye the said Parish of St. Luke or to Enter in to a Recognizance with Sufficient Sureties to Appear at this Present General Sessions to Answer the aforesaid Compliant

That Your Petr. being so Committed Continue there 7 or Eight days and then Entred into a Recognizance with Sufficient Sureties to Appeal and Answer the Complaint as aforesd. Altho no Order hath bee over been made in Persuance of an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth concerning Bastards Begotten and Born out of Lawfull Matrimony Etc. within Six Weeks after the said Elizabeth was delivered of the said Male Bastard Child and According to the Statute 6th Geo. 2d. C [...]

Your Petr. Think He is greatly Aggrieved by the said Complaint.

Your Petr. Therefore Humbly Appeals Against the said Complaint and Prays an Order of this Court for the Church Wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of St. Luke in the County aforesd. and all Partys concerned to Attend this Court at a certain Time and further to Abide the Judgment and Determination of the Court Touching the Premes in Question as to Yr. Worships shall seem meet Etc. And your Petr. shall ever Pray Etc.

Jno Combes

