To the Worshipful his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held by Adjournment at Hicks's Hall in and for the said County on Tuesday the fifteenth day of April 1760 Assembled.

The Humble petition and Appeal of William Steers of the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the said County Weaver

Sheweth

That you Appellant was on the twentieth day of March Last taken upon a Warrant for Praying Purleined or Embezled Silk and that your Appellant was the next day thereupon Carried before Thomas-Quarrill Esqr. and Thomas Smith Esquire two of his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the said County and tho' your Appellant was Intirely Innocent of the said fact the said two Magistrates Convicted your Appellt. of the said Offence and Committed your Appellt. to Clerkenwell Bridewell to Hard Labour for three Months because your Appellt. did not pay the sum of Forty Pounds being as your Appellt. was then Informed by the said two Magistrates this Penalty in the Act of Parliament for a Second Offence of that Nature and in which Prison your Appellt. was detained untill the twenty eighth of the said Month of March when your- Appellant was Discharged on putting in Sureties before the Right Honble Lord Mansfield to Prosecute this present Appell [...]

That your Appellant is Advice he is unlawfully Improperly and upon in sufficient or rather upon no Evidence Convicted in the said Matter being upon the supposed Oath of a person Called in the Warrant of your Appellt. said Commitment by the Name of James Hancock Because no Evidence was Examined by or before the said two Justices to Prove the Charge with Certainty against your Appellant in the Presence or hearing of your Appeallant and which by the Law of this Land should have been done and which your Appellant then Insisted on but your Appellt. was then Informed by the said two Magistrate that it was Unnecessary for that the said Hancock had some time

before given an Information of the same so that your Appellant was Convicted on Exparts Evidence or rather without [...] Evidence Contrary to the known Rules of Law and Justice without ever having an Oppertunity of asking his Supposed Accuser Hancock those Questions which might have Manifested the Innocence of your Appellant or Impoached the Credibility of said Hancock neither was the said Hancock ever produced to or Showed your Appellant at the time of the said Conviction and that all the vive voce Evidence given in your Appellants presence or hearing at the time of your Appellt. said supposed Conviction being as to the Fact nothing but what [...] one Francis Frauncillon (who then Appeared as the Prosecutor in the above Matter) had heard the said Hancock say to him the said Frauncillon Concerning the same And your Appellt. has been Credibly Informed that the said Hancock never made any Information upon Oath against your appellt. so much as to Ground the Warrant on which- your Appellant was so taken

That your Appellant was thus Convicted upon an Act of the 22d. Year of his present Majesty Intituled "An Act for the more Effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses- Committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hatts and in the Linnen Woollon Fustian Cotton Iron Leather Furr- Hemp Flax Mohair and Silk Manufactures and for [---] [...] Preventing unlawfull Combinations- of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot Prossers and of all Persons employed in the said Several Manufactures and for the better Payment of their Wages" which makes the Penalty of the said Offence for a first time to be Twenty Pounds and in Case of Non payment the Offender is to be Committed to the House of Correction to Hard Labour and to be once or oftner Publickly Whipped and in Case of a Conviction for a

further or subsequent Offence then the Offender is to Forfeit and Pay the sum of Forty Pounds or be Committed to Hard Labour for any time not Less than a Month or more than three Month and to be twice or oftner Publickly Whipped

That your Appellant is Advised and thinks himself most Grievously Oppressed in being Convicted of a Second Offence which by the said Act of Parliament Extends the Penalty and Punishment so Severely without the Record of any former Conviction being produced or shewed to the said Justices or your Appellant at the time of your Appellts. Conviction in the Present Matters neither was your Appellt. ever in fact and in truth Convicted of any such or such like an Offence before

Your Appellant therefore most humbly Hopes and Prays in Consideration of the aforesaid Promisses and of what will be Alledged and Proved on the Part of the Appellts. at the hearing of this Matter That your Worships will please to Qua [...] or set aside the said Supposed Conviction of your Appellt. and order the said Francis Frauncillon to Pay to your Appellt. the Costs of this Application And your Appellant will ever Pray Etc

Wm Steers

