To the Right Worshipfull his Maties. Justices the Peace for the County of Middx in Quarter Sessions Assembled

The Humble Peticon of James an as Waltho of the pish of St. Giles an without Cripplegate in the said County

Sheweth That Yor. Peticonr. was last Year Churchwarden of the Sd. Parish that the Poor Inhitants were very Sickly the same year wch. reduced great Numbers to Poverty who amt have Perished had not Yor. Peticonr. releived them wch. caused Yor. Peticonr.to ad [...] great Sumes of Money of his own to Support them amounting to for many Months near £100 disburse

That Yor. Peticonr. had no rate in his year the to rem [...] himself so that at the Close of ye year the parish we [...] indebted to Yor. Peticonr. upwards of £96 he having received by Rents at Saram & for warrts. of Arrears Etc [...] £328. 15s. 10½d and tho Yor. Peticonr. acted in his office wth. all the Prudence imaginable he did pay and disburse [...] of all expences £425. 4s. 5½d as will appear by his [...] reduced

That over & above the Sd. Ballance of his amt: Yor. Peticonr. stands & is inde [...] to divers tradesmen in his Sd. Office for the Sd Parish £79 or ther abts. some of wch. Psons threaten to sue Yor .Peticonr. on such amt.

That the occasion of Such Debts was the Excessive ch [...] of the Poor there being no rate and the Vestry voted the Mortallity money & other money arising by Finds into hands of [...] Henry Lowth Treasurer of the Sd. Pish for the Payment old Debts wch. here to fore was applied for the Releif of the Casual Poor and other necessary Expences of the Churchwardens and accounted for by them.

That the monys arising by the Sd. Articles amounted to about £300. wch. would have paid of the said Debts and so consequntly have reimbursed Yor Peticonr.

If yor. Peticonr. had been paid the mony wch. the late Overseers had in ye hands were ordred to and did pay to the now Churchwarden

Being £100 or there abts. the Ballance of their accts. the same would have over paid Yor. Peticonr. And ye reason yor. petr. did not amt. within 4 daies of yr Exminacon of by Churchwarden Clipp according to ye statute in that Cort was me. Justices Fullers being out of Town

Yor. Peticonr. there fore humbly prays Yor. worshipps that his Accts. may be forth wth. audited & Settled by the acting Justices of the Peace of the Division or Such number of them as to Yor. Worshipps Shall seem meet and that he may either have Creditt for Such Debts as are due on acct. of his Sd Office or that either the Prsent. sent Churchwarden who Knows of most of the Sd. Debts or Mr. Lowth the Sd. Treasures may be the same to yor. Peticonr. wth. the Ballance of Yor Peticonr. acct. that Yor. Peticonr. may be enabled to pay of such Debts or that Yor. worshipps will be pleased to ordr. a Rate to be made by the Churchwarden & Overseers of the Sd. Pish for Such [...] Purpose or other wife releive Yor. Peticonr. as to Yor. Worshipp Shall seem meet And yor. Peticonr. Shall ever pray Etc

James Walthoe

