To the Worshipfull Thos. Lane Esquire Chairman and others his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex now in their General Session, of the Peace, Assembled.

The humble Petition of James Elmore.

Sheweth That your Petitioner lived for near Seven Years as Servant or Turnkey with Mr. Henry Walbank deced formerly Governor of your Worships House of Correction at Clerkenwell.

That during your Petitioner Continuance in such Service he attended the same with the greatest Assiduity, but by such Attendances he contracted such a Violent Illness as took away the use of this Limbs in so much that he was obliged to quit his said Place which was presently after supplied by the late Mr. William Jones.

That after your Petitioner's Recovery from his said Illness he was Entertained as Turnkey by Mr. William Pentlow Keeper of New Prison with whom he continued upwards of Six Years during which Time he humbly hopes he discharged his Duty to the Satisfaction of your Worships, and he is the more induced to hope so, there being no Complaint to his Knowledge ever alledged against him.

That your Petitioner from the Experience aforesaid in perfectly conversant with the Management of a Prison, and most humbly submits his Conduct for Lenity and Tenderness and for keeping due Order and Deesum therein to your Worships Consideration and Candour.

That your Petitioner is informed, that Mr. Turner the late Keeper of the said House of Correction, is now discharged from his said Officer. by your Worships; and in such Case your Petitioner Slatters himself for the Reasons aforesaid, that he is Qualified to succeed him therein.

Your Petitioner therefore most humbly prays your Worships that in Consideration of his Long and faithfull Services in the Capacitys aforesaid, That your Worships will be pleased to permit him to be a Candidate for the said Office of Governor of the House of Correction as the same is now become vacant your Petitioner hereby promising that if he is so happy as to succeed thereto, he will merit your Worships future Favours, by a constant and faithfull Discharge of his Duty.

And your Petitioner as in Duty bound shall ever pray Etc

James Elemore

