To the Worshipful his Maties. Justices of the Peace for the County of Middx at the Sessions at Hicks-hall.

The humble Petion of Jane Cowen Singlewoman

Sheweth That by Order under the hands and Seales of Robert Kyrby & John Kyrby Esqr. Two of his Maties. Justices of the Peace of the said County one James Knightsbridge was adjudged the putative Father of a Male Bastard Child of which yor. Petr. had been Three Yeares before delivered in the Parish of St. Paul Shadwell, and was thereby order to pay to the Church-Wardens and Overseers of the Poore of the [...] Parish Two Shillings and Six pence P Week towards the bringing up the sd. Child and also was to give Security for his Obedience to the sd. Order, which he hath comply'd with as yor. Petr. hath hear'd and believ's, And notwithstanding yor. Petr. hath apply'd to the Church-Wardens of the sd. Parish for Reliefe in pursuance of the sd. Order they refuse to give her any, but pretend to take the Child from her and put it to a Parish Nurse; which by reason of the tender Years of the sd. Child she hopes she shall not be oblig'd to part with And the rather for that the sd. Kinghtsbridge is person of Ability, and was under a [---] Contract of Marriage with yor. Petr. when the sd Child was begotten, And for breach whereof yor. Petr. lately brot. her Action at Law against him, And he to comply, with her gave her a Note to pay her 20l. and thereupon procur'd from her a General Release, and then artfully getting ye. Note into his hands burn't it, And yor. Petr. for Remedy hath been oblig'd to exhibite a Bill in Equity against him.

She therefore humbly pray's yor. Worships will consider her great Misfortunes, & permit her still to take Care of, and Nurse the sd. Child And that the sd. Church Wardens & Overseers may be obliged to pay her the Two Shillings & Six pence Weekly, as Order'd to be paid by ye. sd. Two Justices towards ye. Maintenance and bringing up of the sd. Child or to give Such Reliefe as to yor. Worships shall seem meet.

And yor. Petr. shall ever pray.

