To The Honoble. Bench of Justices now Sitting att Hicks Hall

Humbly Sheweth The Humble Peticon of Henry Gray

That your Petitioner Between Six and Seven years Since [---] [---] Inter marryed with Elizabeth the Daughter of William Page By whom he has now Four Children Living

That [---] Yor. Petrs. wife and her Prdecessors [---] Rented a [...] Farme now Belonging to his Grace the Duke of Chandois Formrly Belonging to Mr: Bonfoy [---] [---] and about half a year after Yors. Petrs. Sd Intermarriage Some Differences ariseing Yor. Petrs. Sd. wife and her Father would had Yor. Petr. give a Pound and Judgemt. For Secureing a Debt due From the Sd. Wm. Page yor. Petrs. Fath of in Law to one Attkins and by that Means to Through Yor. Petr. into Newgate But Yor. Petr. not Consenting to his Father in Law and his wifes Propose all they Endeavoured to Force yor. Petr. out of the Country

That yor. Petr. to Prevent any Disputes or Animositys Permitted his Sd. wife and her Sd. Father to Receive take and Pay and to Act and Doe as they thought [...] Every thing in about and Concerning the Sd. Farme and never Intermedled or Concerned himself in Demanding any And for what was Acted or Done But For Peace take all together to his Sd. wifes Managem [...]

That Sevrall Contrivances were Sett on Foot Purely to Force Your Petitioner to Leave or guilt his Country But Such Projects and Contrivances not takeing Effect And Yor. Petr. being It Poor Illeterate and Easy man Yor. Petr. Said wife by the Instigation of Some Vexatious and Troable Some People was Prevailed upon to Swear the Peace agt. Your Petr. without any Just Cause and is now and hath been above a Month Last Past Confined in New Prison without any or the Least Subsistance and By Such Practices and Contrivances Your Petr. is not only Liked to be utterly rumed But Starved to Death

Yor. Petr therefore humbly Craves Your Worshipps Tender Consideration of his Deplora :ble Circumstances and that yor. Worshipps will be Pleased to make Such Order herein For Yor. Petrs Reliefe as to Yor Worshipp's Shall Seem meet and Agreeable with Justice

And Yor. Petr. Shall Ever prey [...]

