To the Worshipfull the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions at Hick's Hall in & for the County of Middlesex

The Humble Petition of many of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Mary Islington here names are hereunto subscribed

Sheweth

That being informed application to intended to be made to thee Worshipful Bench of Justices of a Memorial requesting Your Worships to issue out a man date or precept to inforce the Statute of Winchester and Oblige the Inhabitants to Watch & ward, we, your humble Petrs. big have to demonstrate & Offer our Reasons against the said Memorial

Imprimis No notice has been given in the Church that any such business was intende to be proposed to the Vestry, & Consequently those by whom this resolution was formd, avoided taking the sense of the Inhabitants on a momentous Affair in which they were nearly concerned and a private Vestry obtained the Opportunity of passing a resolution to lay a Tax by their own Arbitrary Wills on the whole body of the parishioners. But this violation of the undoubled right of the Inhabitants we presume mist defeat the measures so unjustly taken; for the want of publishing that particular business in the Church, before the holding of Such Vestry, we are informed renders the sd. Act of Vestry void & Illegal.

Secondly The said Parish of Islington is very large; the Houses are not every where contiguous; but lying in different Rows & Buildings detasfied from each other; and besides being Accessible behind to dishonest Etc East minded people, it would require prodigious Number of Watchman, & an immense expence to Grand us in the part that lies most exposed to be attached; and we think the number

of Waggons & Other Carriages passing by at all House of the Night, together with the Milk People, and the help of our present Patrole, Lights and watchman, maintained by Voluntary subscription, a full & Sufficient Defence against any Attacks from the Street

Thirdly, Many of The Houses of the said Village are old and un fashionable the roomy & proper for Letting out Lodgings and tenanted by persons in years, Particularly by many of the tendes Sex, who have formerly known better times but now are reduced by the Calamities incident to human Life; to earn their livelihood by their some & laborious method of Setting out Lodgings, who if this Act was to be enforced would be greatly distressed, as their other taxes within these Six years last past, and very nearly double what they were before.

Fourthly we, are informed that no legal pound Rate can be Assessed on a particular part of the Parish, and if this Tax be lard on the whole parish including Holloway, Hornsey Lane, Newington and Kingsland Green Etc. the Inhabitants of those parts of the Parish who would not receive the last benefit themselves must contrary to all the Rule's of Equity be taxed to Guard the worthy Gentry of the Village of Islington

Fifthly, many of the Constable & Head boroughs some times happen to live at the distance of between three & four miles from Islington Watch house, Etc it would be a piece of great Injustices as well as Cruetly & Barbarily to force them to leave their families in all Weather merely for the Service of Islington with which they have little concern, Yet if they were excused, the duty would fall too offer on those in this Village as the Number of

Constables & Headboroughs for the whole parish is but small.

Sixthly, & Lastly, To all the above Reasons we presume to add That the Statute of Winchester on which this Extraordinary measures is pretented to be founded, is entirely foreign to the purpose. That obsolate Statute which is almost five hundred Years Old, relates only to Walled Towns, and appoints Watchman only to keep Guard at the Gates during the rights of the Summer Seasons. Besides there being no Penalties Annexed, the Refractory who refused to contri- bute, could not be compelled & those who complied would be the more Severely Taxed. In short this Statute on which so unjust so Arbitrary a measure is built, has in many tried cases been set aside, and found not to be Obligatory, for all which Reasons, we hope Your Worships will suspend issuing out any Precept till the sense of the parish can be taken in afair & regulat Manner, as we have reason to think that three fourthe of the Inhabitants are at present against the said measure or if you Worships think proper to issue out any such precept that you would as is Usual in Acts of Parliament in the like Cases, Carefully ascertain the rate in the pound & not impower any Vestry to exceed that Rate. And Your Petitioners as in Duty bound will ever pray

Signed at Islington by the Under named parishioners this 19th. day of October 1767}

John Shield J. Barker. Willm. Porvel Thomas hirley Edward Hopkins Saml Bolton

