To the Worshipfull Bench of Justices for the County Middx now in Session Assembled

The humble petition of Margaret Jefferries Widow.

Sheweth That your petr being indicted for an Assault on one Mary Walker on or about July Sessions 1729: Your Petr. by herself and freinds applyed to the Said Walker (who in compassion to your Petr. then a Prisoner in the Fleet Prison and in a Starving condition having 3 Small Children Two of which were about that time Ordered by this honoble Court on White Chappell Parish She the Said Complt. Walker came to an Agreement and Executed the Annexed Release to your petr. and at the Same time gave one Guinea to Mr. Rowland Day to defray the expence of the Courts being discharged And tho [---] it was then Sessions time the Said Mr. Day would never Suffer your Petr. to appear in Court to be discharged till her Recognizance become forfeited and her Bail reced a Note from Mr. Daniel Bolton that they would be estreated the [...] last October Sessions if not taken care of.

That on notice thereof your Petr. & her Bail Attended the Said Sessions wth. the Complt. Walker who upbrayded the sd. Day her Sollr. with receiving the Guinea & not discharging you Petr. and delivered him at the Same time Mr. Bolton's Note and went wth. him to Mr. Bolton where Day pd. him 12s.8d & had the Same marked thereon And then told your Petr. & her bail that all matters were over and there needed no further attendance at this Court of Which your Petr. knew no of her till her Bail reced the other Note annexed from Daniel Bolton on which your Petr. hath attended almost all this Sesions to Surrender her Selfe in discharge of her bail and Submitt to the Court.

Your Petr. therefore humbly prays the Compassion of this honoble Court and humbly haves that as neither She not her Bail have any, otherwise offended then by being misleed by the Said Day that She and her Bail may be discharged and the Charges thereof laid on the Said Day who hath Occasioned ye Same

And your Petr. Shall ever pray Etc.

Margt Jefferis

