To the Rl. Worpll: his Maties, Justices of the Peace for the County of Midlx Assembled in Quarter Sessions.

The humble Peticon and Appeale of Lewis Evans of the parish of St. Gyles in the fields in the Said County Victualler

Sheweth Thats by an Order Dated the Sixteenth day of November last Under the hand and Seales of John Milner and William Prestley Esqr. two of his Maties, Justices of the Peace for the Said County of Midlx (Quorum Vnus) Your Peticoner is [...] to be the reputed Father of a Male Bastard Childs Corne in the Said parish of [...] Gyles in the fields on the body of Ann Smith Singlewoman in the Month of February last was Seven Years, which is baptized William and now become chargeable to the Said parish

That there by your Peticoner is ordered to pay to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the poors of the Said parish of St. Gyles in the fields the Sume of tenn Shillings and Six poun by them expended comerning the Said Bastard Childs, and after wortly and every weeks from themsforth Soo long as the Said Child Shall romanie chargeable to the Said parish the Sume of two Shillings and Six pence of lawfull Money of Grant Brittanie, And that your Peticoner Shall of and from the charge of the Said Bastard Childs a hall times here after Save harmless and indemnifie the Said parish By which Order of the Said two Justices Yom Peticoner finds himself agrieved, humbly Appeals again Sd the Same to this Worshipfull County

Your Peticoner therefore and in regard of the great lenght of time Since the birth of the Said Child which was baptized the 24th. of August 1707. being Nine years and fewer Months, and Severall Matteriall Wittness for and on the behalfe of Gom Peticoner being out of the way So that he Cannot have them in Court this prsent Sessions, he humbly prays your Worships' to Respity order the heaving of this appeale to the first day of the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be heldon for this County or otherwise ye love him in the premisses as to your worships shall Seem meet,

And your Peticoner Shall ever pray ye.

