Ordr. confirmed paid to [---] 3 ro.2

Appeal of [...] Epping agt Bethnall green touching the settlemt of Mary pegg

To the Rt. Worshipll. her Maties Justices of the Peace for the County of Midlx now Assembled in Quarter Sessions yor

The Humble Peticon and Appeale of the Churchwarden and Overseers of the Poore of the Towne and parish of Epping in the County of Essex

Sheweth That by a Passe Warrt. Qndt. the hands and Seales of Roger Smith Robt. Constable Esqrs. two of her Maties Justices of the Peace for the County of Midlx bearing date the 25th. day of January last past Mary Pegg with Fower Children Elizabeth, Thomas, Martha & Ann were Removed from the Hamlett of Bethnall Greene in the parish of Stepney within the County of Midlx to the Towne and parish of Epping in the County of Esex as the last Legall Settlement of Nathaniell Pegg her late husband Setting forth that the Sd Nathaniel Served his Aprship and lived for many Yeares last past an Inhabitant in the sd Towne of Epping

Whereas Your Peticonr, can prove the Sd Nathaniel Pegg has not been an Inhabitant in the Sd Towne of Epping for about Twenty Yeares last past he being for Severall Yeares before his deale a house holden in the Sd Hamlett of Bethnall Greene where he paid to the Scavengers Rate and other parish Rates and Taxes and where three of the Sd Children were borne And that She the Sd- Mary Pegg Since her husbands death has not only received from the Overseers of the Sd Hamlett of Bethnall Greene a Weekly Pencon or Allowance for the Maintenance of her Selfe and Children but has had alsoe the Rent of her Roome being thirty Shillings p Ann paid by them Severall Yeares for her

Your Peticonrs, therefore being Aggrieved by removall of the Sd Mary Pegg and her Said Fower Children as aforesaid Appeale to this Court and humbly pray an ordr. for ye Churchwardr. and overseers of the Poore of the Sd Hamlett of Bethnall Greene To Attend this Court and Shew cause why their Appeale Should not be Allowed another discharged from P Maintaining ye sd Mary Pegg and her Fower Children

[...] Rd: Watkins And Your Peticonr Shall ever Pray Etc

Richard Collins Churchwards where Clarke Richard Spooner} Overseers

