To the Rt. Worshipfull his Maties, Justices of the Peace for the County of Midlx. assembled in their Generall Quarter Sessions

The Humble Peticon and appeale of Nathaniell Dodd of the parish of St. Clement Danes in this County Staconer

Sheweth That by Order Dated the Eighteenth day of Aprill last Under the hands and Sealer of Charles Medlicott George Owen Paul Margarett P: Collins Esqrs. and other his Maties Justices of the Peace for the said County of Midlx and Citty and Liberty of [...] g [...] nor is adjudged to be Guilty of publishing and Selling two Newspapers or Pamphletts containing one Sheet and halfe each, the one called the News Letter Number 13: Dated Saturday January the 28th: 1716: and the other the London post Number 11: Dated from January the 14th to January the 21th: 1716: the titled whereof not being entred and Registred in the Booke kept by the Comissioners of his Maties, Stampe duties and one printed Coppy of each of the Said papers or pampheltts Stampt or marked to denote the payment of certaine duties charged thereon by Vertue of an but of Parliment in that case made.

That the Said Justices of the Peace did thereby order Your Peticoner to pay for each of the Said News papers or Pamphletts the Sume of tenn pounds in Mitigacon of the Sume of twenty pounds imposed & Sett by the Said Act of Parliament for the Said Offences together with tenn Shillings for each Offence for costs of prosecution which penalties amounting in the whole to twenty pounds, one Month thereof to be paid to the Use of his Matie, and the other Month thereof to the Use of James Baldwin who Sues for the Same with twenty Shillings costs.

Your Peticoner finding himselfe aggreived by the Said Order of the Justices humbly appeals against the same to this worshipfull Court.

Your Peticoner therefore humbly prays Your Worships would please to appoint a day this present Sessions for the Said James Baldwin and all other persons comerned to attend Your Worships and to heare and abide the Judgment and determinacon of this Court upon & touching the Said Appeale, and that Your Peticoner may be relieved herein as to Your Worships Shall Seem meet

And Your Peticoner as in duty bound Shall pray Etc

Rd. Walkins

Nathll: Dodd

