To the Worshipfull His Majesty's Justices of the peace for the County of Middx in [...] their General Quarter Sessions of the peace assembled The Humble Petition and Appeale of Joseph Emet and Stephen Wright Church wardens of the parish of St. John Clerkenwell in the sd. County of Middx and of Simon Michell Esqr Etc others whose Names are hereto Subscribed Inhabitants within the said parish

Sheweth

That by an Order Warrant under the Hands & Seals of Robert Tothill and Francis Hole Esqrs. two of his Majesty's Justices of the peace for the said John Rayner Williams Tapping Henry Andbridge and Jonathan Newton were Appointed Overseers of the poor of the parish of St. James Clerkenwell for the year Ensuring the Rate of the said Warrant

That in the said Order or Warrant the said John Rayner is named or called a Substantial House holder within the said parish of St. James Clerkenwell, whereas the said John Rayner doth not nor at the time of making the sd. Order or Warrant did Inhabit in the said parish of St. James Clerkenwell but then was still is an Inhabitant within the said parish of St.John Clerkenwell[---] wch. is a distinct parish as also was & as well known to the said Robert Tothill and Francis Stole they having frequently attended Divine Service in the Church of the said parish of St John Clerkenwell & there received the Holy Sacrament to Qualify them for the Execution of their Offices under the Government

That the said parish of St. John Clerkenwell was part of the said parish of St: James Clerkenwell untill the Year 1723 when the same was in Pursuance of An Act of Parliament made in the Tenth year of the

Reign of her late Majesty Queen Ann relating to the Building of Fifty New Churches in and about the Cities of London & Westmr Erected into a New parish and thereby the parishioners & Inhabitants within the said parish of St John Clerkenwell Exempted and Discharged from doing or performing any parish Office within the sd. parish of St. James Clerkenwell altho' the parish Rates are and ought to be rated & Collected in & over both the said parishes as before the sd. Division by such Officers of the said parish of St. James Clerk- enwell as shall be appointed for that purpose & so it was Solemnly Determined by His Majesty's Court of Kings Bench in Easter Term in the 13th. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the first when it was Adjudged by the said Court that an Order made by two of his Maties Justices of the peace for the said County whereby William Wiggins & Matthias Sheppard Inhabitants within the sd. parish of St.John Clerkenwell were appointed two of the Overseers of the poor of the said parish of St. James Clerkenwell should be Quash as to the sd. Wiggins and Sheppard

Yor. Petrs. therefore do Appeal against ye. sd. Order or Warrt. by which she sd. John Rayner is appointed one of the Overseers of the poor of the said parish of St. James Clerkenwell and pray that the same may be quastrt and set aside as to the said John Rayner

And Yor Petrs. shall ever pray Etc

Joseph Emmett Stepn: Wright} Churchwardens

S: Mithella Humph: Gearon Thos. Hartwell Thos: Reynolds

Robt. Dobson Ch: Wainwright

Sepn: Lefebore

