To the Worshipfull the Chair-Man and the rest of his Majesty's Justicies of the Peace for the County of Middlesex

The Humble Petition of John Sumner Son of Isaac Sumner

Most humbly Shews That your Petrs. said Father having on the 30th. day of Octr. last by Indenture Bound your Petr. Apprentice to John Griffin then of Black Fryers London (but now of the parish of St. Andrew in the said County of Middlesex Watch [...] Finisher) for the Term of Seven Years to be Computed from the date of the said Indenture, And having as appears by the said Indenture In Consideration of the said John Griffins Undertaking during the said Term to Instruct and Teach or cause to be Instructed and taught your Petr. in the best way and manner he cou'd the said Art or Business of a Watch Finisher and in Consideration of the said John Griffin's Undertaking to find and Allow your Petr. John Sufficient Meat, Drink, Washing, Lodging and all other necessarys during the said Term, Your Petrs. Father paid him the said John Griffin as an Apprentice Fee with your Petr. the Sum of five pounds five Shillings as Appears by the said Indenture

Your Petr. further humbly Shews your Worships that he Faithfully and punctually Served the said John Griffin from the said 30th. day of October Untill on or about the 23d. day of July last, when your Petr. through or Violent fitt of Illness Occasioned by very ill Usage of his Master by his not Allowing him Sufficient Meat of Drink and by Obliging him to lye in a Cold Stinking Room on a very Nasty dirty Old Bed not big enough for a Bloster and greatly Infected with Lice and other Vermin, and Obliging your Petr. to Work at very Immoderate and unreasonable Hours and in a very Dark place Where his Eyes were [...] Affected And the said John Griffin or his Wife neglecting

to take any Care of Your Petr. when very ill your Petitioner on the said 23d. day of July last Applyed himself to his parents who had your Petr. Bled, and had Your Petr. (he being in a very high Fever) Attended by an Apothecary for upwards of a Month and were at very great Costs on said Occasion

That when your Petr. grew better and was able to Walk your Petrs. Father and Mother together with one Mr. Elster took your Petr. to the said John Griffin and Offerred to leave your Petr. with him to Serve out his time, but the said John Griffin and his Wife Instead of receiving your Petr. fell a Cursing and Daming at your Petrs. Father and Mother and at your Petr. and the said John Griffin in a very Revengefull and Spightfull manner Swore he wou'd do for your Petr. and Treatened your Petr. greatly, and the Wife of the said John Griffin Used Your Petrs. Mother in a very bad manner, All on Accott. of your Petrs. Father and Mother's Attempting to leave your Petr. with him the said Griffin, And your Petr. has not Since Ventured to go near the said Griffin

Your Petr. humbly prays your Worship's will please to Order him a hearing on the Merits of this Petition, And to make such. Order thereon for your Petrs. relief in the Premisses, As the Nature of your Petrs. Case requires, And as to your Worships shall Seem Just and Meet

And your Petr. as in duty bound will ever pray

John Sumner

