To the Worshipfull his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace at Hicks's Hall in St. John Street in & for the sd. County Assembled.

The Humble Petition and Appeal of John Stanley Gentleman

Sheweth That your Petitioner is and has been for many Years past an Inhabitant and Occupier of a House in Hatton Garden in the Liberty of Saffron Hill Hatton Garden and Ely Rents in the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, in the said County and has been rated and has paid all the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of the sd. Liberty until within a Year last past or thereabouts.

That by such Rates made for many Years your Petitioner was Charged after the Rates of Thirty Pounds a Year only.

That for some Years last past before & Until the Year One thousand seven hundred and Sixty Nine, in the Rates made for Relief of the Poor of the sd. Liberty, your Petitioner was Advanced to, & rated at Thirty Six pounds a Year in respect of his Occupation of the sd. House, and a Stable & Coach House wch for Peace Sake Your Petr. Submitted to.

That Yor. Petr. by four several Quarterly Rates made for Relief of the Poor of the sd. Liberty, up to Lady Day, Midsumer, Michas & Christmas now last past, [---] has been Rated & Charged at Fifty pounds a Year Altho' several Occupiers of Houses & Tenemts. within the sd. Liberty of Equal or greater Value than your Petrs. sd. House Stable & Coach House are Rated at much less in Proportion than your Petr. is now Rated.

In Regard there are other Inequalities in all the sd. four Rates made for Relief of the Poor of the sd. Liberty to Lady Day, ., Michaelmas, & Christmas last; by all which yor. Petr. Conceives himself to be Aggriev'd

Your Petr. humbly Appeals to this Court and Prays that the Court will be pleas'd to Order that the Church Warden and Overseers of the Poor of the sd. Liberty do Attend this Court some day in this present Session of the Peace, to hear and Abide the Judgmt. & Determination of this Court touching the sd. Appeal; and that they may then & there produce the four several Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of the sd. Liberty up to Lady Day, Midsr, Michas and Christmas last & that yor. Petr. may have such other Relief in the Premes as the Court shall Judge Meet & the Nature of the Case shall Require

And Your Petr: shall ever Pray:

John Stanley

