Middx Ss: To the Right Worshipfull The Justices of the Peace at their Generall Quarter Sessions now Assembled.

The Humble Peticon of William Carter William Gray William Nicholson and John Wilson Surveyors of the Highways of the parish of St. Mary Islington in this County for the year 1716.

Sheweth

That Your Peticoners by the Speciall direction of Richard Brown John Fuller and Isaac Tillard Esqrs three of his Majesties Justices of the Peace in Finsbury Division did lay oat and expend the Same of £39:14d: in ye repairing and amending the Roads & Highways in their Said parish over and above what Your Petrs. had received and collected by a full pound rate And that they the Said Justices being well Satisfied with Such Disbursements upon Auditeing Your Said Peticoners Accounts they by their Order under their hands and Seals bearing date the 22d. of October last did Direct & require John Edwards Henry Redman William Carter and John Marsden the then Surveyors of the Highways of the Said parish of Islington to repay unto Yor Peticoners the Said of £39:14d. and place it to their Accounts as Surveyors of the Highways as aforesaid.

That at a Special Sessions held the third day of this Instant Janry for the consideracon of the Highways upon Inspection of the Books and Accounts of the sd. Surveyrs. It appeared to the sd. Justices of ye Peace that they the Said Surveyrs. were also in disburse the Sume of £16 And that there is not Sufficent in their Rate or Assessments uncollected to reimburse them ye. Same whereby Your Peticoners are defeated all benefit of the said Order & For as much also as Your Peticoners are involved in a Law Suite Comenced against them by Ra: Harwood Esqr. in his Majties Court of Kings Bench at Westminister for a Distress made on his Goods by Your Peticoners in persuance of their Sd. Office which Said Suite at Law is become chargeable to Your Peticoners

They therefore most Humbly Pray Your Worships to Grant them a Rate on the Inhabitants of the Said parish And that the Same may be Collected by the present Surveyrs. of the Highways of the said parish to reimburse Your Peticoners Or that they may be other wise relieved in ye prmisses as to this Honble Bench Shall Seem meet

And Your Peticoners Shall ever Pray Etc.

Wee his Majties: Justices of the Peace for the Division above Said haveing fully Considered ye Allegacons in this Peticon do Certifye the Same to be true

Richd Browne Wm Fuller Isaac Tillard

