The King agt. Jercel Walker} To the Worshipfull Bench of Justices holding the General Sessions of the Peace at Hicks's Hall in and for the County of Middlesex.

The Humble Petition and Appeal of Israel Walker the Deft.

Sheweth That Your Petir. on the 27th. day of Janry. last was brought before Henry Fielding Esqr. one of the Justices of the Peace for the Sd. County and was there in Justly Charged by a Watchman of the Parish of St. Paul Covert Garden with having broken his Lanthern the night before, And white your Petr. was Sorn ye Presence of the Said Henry Fielding One Colin Campbell happened to Come there upon So [...] other Occasion and Seeing your Petr. did Charge him with having on [...] day of the Said January Played and Betted at Certain unlawfull Game or Play called Hussell Cap the Same being a Game or Play of Chance At the House of one Mrs. Burton in Bow Street in the Parish of St. Paul Covent Garden And that your Petr. in Conservancy with one Cornsay heated ye St. Colin of ye Sum of fifteen Shillings the Property of the Said Colin As they lay on the Table before him while the said Colin Chanced to look an other way Whereupon the said Henry Fielding did then Committ your Petr. to the House of Correction at Clerkenwell and did afterwards on the fourth day of this Instant February lodge a Detainer on your Petr. on the Same Complaints as Rogne & Vagabond by ye Annexed Copys of ye Sd. Committal & Detainer Appear.

That your Petr did not Play at any Game whatever with ye Sd. Colin Campbell or any other Person Nor was in any Sert in Confederacy with the Said Conway in Cheating the Sd. Campbell of fifteen Shillings or any other Sum whatsoever But on the Contrary the Sd. Campbell and Conway having Played Sometime at the said Game for a Shilling a Chance The Sd. Campbell proposed to your Petr. a Bett of a Crown the best of his Chance agt. Sd. Cornsay And your Petr. Stood the Bett and lost it to ye Sd. Campbell and also three further Betts at a Crown each afterwards and then gave the Said Campbell a Guinea and reced a Shilling in Change thereof from lain And your Petr. was in further or otherwise Concerned in ye Sd. Playing or Betting And parted the said Campbell in FriendShip And you Petr. was totally Ignore at then that ye said Game or Betting there at was unlawfull.

That your Petr. is now and hath been and to as keeper within ye Liberty of Westminster for abt. two Years last Past And a Dealer in Brandy & other Spirituere Liquors & Commodities in the whse Saleway Whereby he Supported himself and his Family, And is now Passed of a Dwelling house in James Street Westminster where he and his Family have Resided for above Six Months last Past Precedent to your Petrs. Present Continent.

That your Petr. is a great Sufferer in his Trade and business as well as in his Credit by being solving in Continent under ye Character of a Regne & Vagabond.

That your Petr. is advised & humbly Apprehends that he has not Committer any Act of Vagrancy Nor is within the Meaning of any Act of Parliament for the Punishment of Rogues and Vagabonds.

Therefore your Petr. most humbly Appeals to Your Worship's she whether he has been Guilty of any Act of Vagrancy in the Matters aforesd. And most humbly Prays your Worship's to [...] his Case into your Consideration and to [...] Discharge him from his Said Continent. or Otherwise to Relieve him in the Premisses [...] Such Manner as to your Worships Shall Seem Meet

And your Petr. Shall ever Pray Etc.

[...] [---] Humfrey Attr. for ye [...]

