Middx ss To the Right Worshipfull His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middx in Quarter Sessions Assembled.

The humble Petr. & Appeale of Bryan Ronke

Sheweth That by an order dated the 5o. day of February last under the Handes & Seales of Richard Bealing & William Gore Esqrs. Two of His Majestys Justices of the Peace for the said County City & Liberty of Westmr. (Quor Unns) yr. Petner. is adjudged to be the reputed father of a Male Bastard Child born of the Body of one Sarah Plaffey on the Twelfth day of November last in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, & Christned Marmaduke . which is likely to become chargable to the said Parish as is alledged in ye said order

And by the said Order your Petitner is required forthwth. to pay or cause to be paid to the Churchwardens or Overseers of ye. Poore of the said Parish, some or one of them for & towards the Months Luing in & laying of the said Plaffey, the Sume of Eleaven Shillings & Six pence by the Week for the first four Weeks from the Birth of the Said Child and after the Experacon of the said first four weeks to pay or cause to be paid weekly & every week the Sume of Two Shillings & Six pence of Lawfull Money, for and towards the releife & Maintenance of the Male Bastard Child for so long time as the Sames hall be Chargable to the said Parish And that yr. Petoner should give Security to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poore of the said Parish. for the true performance of the said Order, or other -wise to find Sureties for his person all Appearance, although Genll. Quarter Sessions for the Peace, [...] for the sd. County City or Liberty, [...] There to abide by such further order as the Justices then & these persent shall think fit to make in that behalf.

That yr. Petr. finds himself aggreived by the said Order of the said two Justices humbly Appeals to this Court agt. the same

Yr. Petitr. therefore prays that this said appeale may be received & saved to him & that the Hearing & determining thereof be adjourned to the first day of the next Genll. Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for this County and that Yr. Petr. may be releived herein according to Law & Justices

And Your Petr Shall Pray Etc

