To the Right Honourable the Lord High Chancell [...] of Great Britain.

The Humble Representation of his Majestys Justices of the Peace of the County of [...] Middlesex in General Sessions Assembled.

Sheweth Unto your Lordship That at the Sessions of the Peace holden for the said County of Middlesex in September last Vizt. on Thursday Commonly called the County day when the greater [...] Number of the said Justices were Assembled at Hicke's Hall a Complaint was made to them by Richard Riccards Boulton Manwaring and the rest of the Justices of the Peace Acting in the Tower Division against Sir Samuel Gower Knight one other of the said Justices Acting in the same Division for many Misbehaviours and Irregularities by him done and Committed in his Office of a Justice of the Peace And therefore in humble Duty the said Justices in Sessions now Assembled this 28th. [---] Day of [---] February Do Represent unto your Lordship That Mary Complaint having been made by Sundry persons of the best Character and Ability living in the said Division against one Mrs. Roberts who keeps [...] Bagme in Ayloff Street Good mans Fields in the said Division called the Turks head Bagino and also against Lewis Hallam who keeps an Ale house called the Taphouse Wells in Good mans Fields aforesaid for keeping respectively [...] Common [...] reputed or Notorious known Baw by house for gain therein to the Encourageing of all Vice and Profaneness whereunto many Idle and Disorderly Persons Young and Old of both Sexes resort by day and Night and Commit divers Outrages [...] Disorders to the Disturbance of the Inhabitants The said Justices of the said Division at their General Meetings for Granting Licences to Victuallers when the Said Samuel Gower was present have often refused to Grant Lincences to the Sd. Roberts and Hallam for the Causes aforesaid, Notwithstanding which and the all the said Justices at such meetings (saveing himself) Utterly refused to Grant such Licences to the said Roberts & Hallam Yet he the said Sir Samuel Gower hath been Urgent on their behalf and Endeavoured to get some one of the said Justices to Join with him in Granting such Licences.

That not being able by such his Publick as also Private and Personal

Sollicitations to procure such Licences the said Sir Samuel Gower hath presuned by his own Authority and under Colour of his Office of Justice of the Peace Signed Writings by him called Permissive Licences for the said Roberts and Hallam respectively to sell Beer & Ale where by the said wicked practices been continued in their said Houses and whereby also the Commissioners of the House have been Imposed upon and have Granted to the said Roberts and Hallam respectively Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors therein.

2 That the said Justice Sir Samuel Gower does or lately did Employ as his Clerk ones Winstone Victualler who lately was a White Chappel Bailiff & now keeps an Ale house in the Tower Liberty said [...] wear halfe a Mile Distant from the said Justice to whom at his said Ale house All persons apply to the said Justice for Warrant are to go and he the said Winstone when at Leisure is to late the [...] Informations and Examinations and there to make out Warrants and to said them to take the [...] Justice to be Signed That such persons Drinking in the said Winstons house untill such [...] are prepared are afterwards very Unfit make Oath of the truth of such Informations and said behaviour hath Occasioned much Oppression and Great Disorder

3 That many Complaints have been made at the General and Quarter Sessions by several well of he keep her the known Lard the Principal Inhabitants of the said Division of a Notorious House Called Good mans Field And the same being open to all persons to luter into Gratis wherein [...] punch Ale & Spirtuars Liquors are constantly [...] solde & at exebitant prizes and there a breely [...] [---] where in Prays Interludes & other Disorders are often Acted Notorious by Distruective to Numbers of his Majestys Subjects there to resorting praying his Majestys Justices then Assembled to take Order for Suppressing the same Whereupon the said Justices at such Session Did most Earnestly recommend to all the Justices of the said Tower Division Speedily and [...] to put the Lawsin Execution in that behalf.

That in pursuance of such Recommendation the other Justices of the said Division

Called upon the said Justice Sri Samuel Gower who lives near to the said Play-house desireing him to Join with them in putting a stop to the said Irregularities but he not only utterly refused to be anywise Concerned therein but on the Contrary the said Justice hath given and Continues to give all the Countenance & Encouragement thereto as he is able by being present with his Wife and Family durning the Plays Interludes Etc and Commiding and otherwise Encourageing the Acton thereof the great Incitement of Lewdness & all manner of Vice & Disorder

That to the said Plays and Interludes great Numbers of mean Idle & disorderly Peopled commonly resort and after the performanceis over from thence do go to the Bawdy houses before mentioned or to other Houses of ill Fame near the said Wells or Play house which the said Justices Apprehend are Chiefly Supported by the Concourse of such Idle and Unwary People as the sd. Plays draw together greatly to the Corruption of the Morals of his Majesty's Subjects and Breach of the Peace

That at the General and Quarter Sessions of the peace held in October last Vizt. on the County day the 18th. of said October the said Justice Sir Samuel Gower being then present and Charged with the Several facts above recited by the said Richard Riccards Boulton Manwarning Esqr. and the rest of the Justices of the Peace in the said Division did not deny the truth of the said Several Charges but declared he was very Sorry for what he had done and promised he would not be Guilty of any the like practices for the future or do any thing whereby any Scandall might be brought on the Commission whereupon the said Several matters was referred to further Consideration.

That at the Sessions of the Peace held in January last the said Complain to were renewed

That the said Justices Sri Samuel Gower notwithstanding such promise as aforesaid did afterwards and doth Still Continue to be have and Act as aforesaid and the said Justices now assembled in Sessions Vizt. on the said 28th. Day of February being the County Day humbly Apprehending that the said Justice has abused the Authority reposed in him by Granting Warrants in manner aforesaid by Licenceing the said Roberts & Hallam to sell Ale as aforesd. by not Executing his Authority as he might and was desired so to do for putting a Stop to the said Plays and Interludes and by Upholding and Encouraging the same as farr as it appears to be in his Power and by doing many other Irregular things under Colour of his Office of a Justice of the Peace greatly tending to the Debauching the Morals of the People, and Encourageing Vice and all Violence and Disorder To the Reproach and Scandal of the Commission in which he is named insomuch as all the other Justices of said Tower Division are made very Uneasy in Acting as Justices of the Peace- And Therefore the said Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in Session Assembled [...] Agree that the their representation should be made unto your Lordship they humbly Submitting the premisses to your Lordships Wisdom and Judgment.

