To the Rt. Worshipfull his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middx in their Generall Quarter Sessions Assembled

12 [...] 15s The Humble Peticon and Appeal of the Rt. Honble Countess Dowager of Coventy Sr. Rob. Raymond Knt. his Majties. Attorney Genll. Sr. Philip York Knt. his Majties Sollr. Genll. Sr. Walter Young Barat. Dame Judith Shirley Widdow James Harrison Esqr. Dame Ann Tipping Wid. Richd. Peirson William Kinaston Joseph Hackshaw Esqrs. Dame Frances Oxenden Widdow Christopher Spicer Jo Harding Henry Long Charles Downing Elihu Trenchfield John Lethieulier George Gregory Wm. Harvey John Wood Esqrs. Dame Eliz Hare Wido. Sr. James Brooks Barr. Edward Goldesborough Esqr. Sr. Wm Dodwell John Ward Esqr. James Lightbourn Esqr: Henry Halsey James Bush Joseph Smith Esqr. Ann crisp widow & divers other Inhitants of that part of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborre which lyeth in the Libty above the Barrs in the County of Middx (vizt.) Sr. John Thornicroft Barrt. Etc.

Sheweth

That Yor Petrs. abovem'd did appeal at the last Genll. Quarter Sessions of the Peace held by adjornment at Hick's Hall for the said County of Middx against the Irequality & Illegality of the Rate or assessment made for the Releif of the Poor in tha Part of Parish of St. Andrew Holborn which hith in the Libty above the Barrs in the Sd. County When upon a full Hearing of the said Appeal & of what was insisted on of both sides by counced the said Rate or Assessment was quashed & vacated being unequal & unjust & a new Rate order'd to be Made according to Law mistead of which the present Overseers have in Defiance & contempt of this Worshipfull Court procuded to make a new Rate in the same unequal & illegal Manner as before without having any Regard to the Order of Court

Your Petr. concerving themselves aggriev'd by the said new Rate or assessment made as aforesaid pray to be relived in the prmisses as to yor. Worships shall seem meet Thos some of your Petrs. have paid the said Rate in Comiseration of the Poor hope they shall not be excluded the Benefit of. this Appeal with the Rest of Your Petrs. who have not paid the Same

And your Petrs. shall pray Etc.

