To the Worshipfull John Hawkins Esquire and to the rest of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex in their General Session Assembled.

The Humble Petition and Appeal of Diedrick Peckerson of the Parish of Saint George Middlesex an Inhabitant paying to the Relief of the Poor within the said Parish.

Sheweth. That a Rate or Assessment was [...] on the nineteenth day of August last made for the relief of the Poor of the said Parish by John Horsford and Lancelot Bowler Churchwardens and William Ray, William Gunniss and John Hopkins overseers of the Poor of the said Parish and all owed by Roberts Pill and Christopher Scott Esquires two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the said County, which Rate was made for three Months Commenceing at Lady Day now last past. That your Petitioner conceives himself aggrieved by the said Rate because heard the other Inhabitants of the said Parish are thereby Rated or Assessed by an Annual Assessment by the Pound, Whereas the Custom and Usage of the said Parish hath constantly for great numbers of Years last past been to make a Monthly Rate or Assessment, which being discretionary was much better Calculated to Answer immediate Occasions without bringing a perpetual burthen on the Inhabitants.

That the said Rate is in many Instances partial and unequal and in particular that your said Petitioner is charged much higher in proportion to the Annual Value of the Premises Occupied by him than other Persons within the said Parish and therefore and for other Defects in the said Rate your Petitioner Appeals therefrom

Your Petitioner therefore humbly prays that your Worships would be pleased to order the benefit of the said Appeal to be saved to your Petitioner, and that your Worships would be pleased to appoint a Day in the next General Quarter Session of the Peace to hear and determine the said Appeal; And at the same time that the Church= =wardens and Overseers of the said Parish may produce the Books of the Old Rates for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, as also the Books of the present Rate and

And that your Worships would be pleased to make such Order therein as to your Worships shall seem meet.

And your Petitioner shall ever Pray.

C: Martyn Sollr. for the Appelts. St. Martins Street Leicester fields

