To the Worshipfull his Mats. Justices of the peace at this Generall Sessions Assembled.

The peticon of Thomas Welding

Humbly Sheweth That Yor. peticonr. is now & hath been upwards of Six Years a private Sentinall in the first Regiment of Foot Guards in Major George Reads Company

That by Virtue of an Order under the hands & Seals of Edward Pattle & Edward Grose Esqrs two of his Majesties Justices of the peace of the County of Middx bearing date the twenty third day of July last was adjudged the reputed Father of a Female Bastard Child born of the body of Elizabeth Hefford Singlewoman on the eighteenth day of December last in the precincts of St. Katherines in the sd. County & upon the said Adjudication was ordered to pay to the Overseers of the poor of the sd. precinct the sume of Nineteen Shillings being then already disbursed by them in the maintenance of the sd. Female Bastard Child and also a further Sume of [---] Eighteen pence as week weekly from the date thereof to be paid to the said Overseers of the poor during the said Female Bastard Child should be chargeable to the sd. precinct

That by Virtue of the sd. Order and adjudicacon Yor. Petr. was comitted to new Prison & there now remaine for want of Sureties to indempnifie the sd. precinct of the said Female Bastard Child

That Yor. Peticoner hath a Wife a very carefull pains takeing woman who is willing to take the Child into her care without any mony from the sd. Precinct instead of allowing Eighteen pence a Week to another Pson for the same & that the reputed mother is also willing to maintaine her Child without any allowance from the said Precinct

That the Overseers never paid any more then Six Shillings towards the Maintenance of the sd. Bastard Child. to any Psons whatsoever which yor Peticonr. is willing to repay them

Yor. Peticonr. therefore humbly prays in consideracon of the poverty of yor. petr. being a Comon Soldier that he may be discharged out of Goal giveing notice of this peticon to the Overseers of the sd. Precinct & appointing a day that yor petr. may be heard or to grant such other relief as to Yor Worships shall seem meet

Tho: Welding

