To the Right Honourable William Bridgen Esqr. Lord Mayor of the City of London and the rest o the Commissioners of Oyer and Terminor and General Goal Delivery for the City of London and County of Middlesex held at Justice Hall in the Old Bailey

The Humble Petition of James Maurice now a prisoner in Newgate.

Sheweth. That on Monday the 2d. day of January last past Your Petitioner and one Jean Aude was taken by a warrant to Sir John Fielding and there charged by one Felix Sarrant with having Robbed him of £105: and upwards in Cash in his Dwelling House, Your Petitioner and the said Jean Aude were Commited to the Gatehouse for further Examination and on wednesday then next were brought again before the said Sr. John Fielding and on such Re-examination Your Petitioner and the said Jean Aude were Honourably Acquitted thos. the said Sarrant and his House keeper were ready to have Sworn any thing that might have answered the end they wanted.

That after Your Petitioner and the said Jean Aude were Discharged as Aforesaid they went again to the said Sarrant's House (they being both Lodgers in his House before and at the time of the pretended Robbery) to have gone into their respective Rooms in order to have taken their Goods and wearing Apparrel away and paying said Sarrant the Rent then due but he refused your Petitioner and the said Jean Aude Admittance into their rooms, or to take away any part of their Goods and Wearing apparrel from whence your Petr. and the said Jean Aude were destitute of all kind of necessarys save what were on them.

That your Petitioner and the said Jean Aude having applied to Mr. Coupland an Attorney he demanded your Petitioner and the said Jean Aude's Goods and wearing apparel of the said Sarrant and he refusing to Deliver the same or any part thereof and insisting that if he could not fix your Petitioner and the said Aude with a Robbery he would make a Debt of it and would keep the Goods and wearing Apparel to Answer such Debt as he should fix them with, Your Petitioner and the said Jean Aude were therefore Advised to and did bring Actions of Trover against the said Prosecutor to which he gave Bail and the same are now depending and the Prosecutor in further Gratifycation of his wickedness Indicted Your Petitioner and the said Jean Aude at the last Sessions at the old Bailey and on the 18th. day of January last Your Petr. was Committed a Prisoner to Newgate by Thomas [...] ton Esqr. one of his

his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex charged on Oath of said Fellse Sarrant with Stealing a Six Livre Piece of Foreign Coin 80 Guinea and £21,,5,,6 and for which supposed Offence he now stands Indicted.

That your Petitioner hath been Dangerously ill of a Fever in the said Prison but is now in part Recovered and your Petitioner not doubting but tha he shall in the most and clearest manner make his Innocence appear to the Satisfaction of this Honourable Court and in regard your Petitioner is totally Stript of all his Goods and wearing Apparel by the said Felix Sarrant as aforesaid

Most humbly prays that He may at this Present Session be Tried on the said Indictment or be Bailed or Discharged according to the Form of the Statute No. As to this Honourable Court shall seem Meet Your Lordship's Petitioner fearing that should such his Trial be put off till a future Session that it may Occasion a Release of his Disorder and tend to the Loss of his Life

Jaque [...] Morio

