To the Honble the Justices of Oyer and Terminer and other his Majestys Justices assign'd to hold the Sessions, and deliver the Goal of Newgate in and for the City of London, and County of Middlesex.

The Humble Petition of James Watson, now a Prisoner in Newgate aforesaid

Sheweth That about three years ago, your Petitioner was Depriv'd of his hearing by an Improper treatment under and Illness, he was Afflicted with,

That upwards of two years ago, your Petr. was appretionded on Suspicion of Committing a Burglary in the House of John Heaseldine in East Smithfield, as he hath been since made to understand, and believes the same to be true,

That your Petr. hath also been made to Understand, that a bill of Indictment hath been found true against your Petr. for the sd. supposed Offence and he was thereupon brot. into Court to take his Tryal thereon, and the Court upon being Informed of his loss of hearing, thought proper to Remand your Petr. back to Goal, where he hath ever since remained Charged with the said Offence, and no Other

That since your Petrs. said Confinement, one Fras. Dyer was apprehended and brought to Newgate, and afterwards Transported for some such Offence who Doclaid before and after Conviction, that he Was the person who Committed the said Burglary, in the house of said Heaseldine, as your Petr. hath also been made to understand, and Believes the same to be true

That your Petr. hath also been made to Understand, that proper notice hath been Serv'd on the said Heaseldine, of your Petrs. Intention to prefer his Petition, as on this day, and that an Affidavit of of the Service of such Notice, is annex'd hereto

That your Petr. hath likewise been made to Understand, (by a Person or Persons, At Present in Newgate) the nature of his taking his Tryal on the said Indictment, and is desirous of so doing, and In as much as your Petr. hath been Confin'd as aforesaid, during which time your Petr. hath suffer'd great hardships having no Other Subsistance than the Goal Allowance

Your Petr. most humbly Prays your Honour's to proceed on the Tryal of the sd. Indictment against your Petr., And in Case the said John Heaseldine, shall not appear to Prosecute and Give Evidence thereon, that your Petr. may be Discharged out of Custody

And your Petr. Will Pray Etc.

