To the Right Honble the Lord Mayor and others His Majestys Justices of Goal Delivery for the County of Middlesex

The humble Petition of James Sufflee an Infant under the Age of twenty one years and Apprentice to Thomas Halt of Shoreditch Haberdasher

Sheweth That your Petitioner being in his said Masters Shop one Edward Faint brought some Rabbit Skins to his said Masters and offered them for Sale and your Petitioner having reason to Suspect they were Stole Stopt them and the said Edward Faint and conveyed him before David Wilmot Esqr.. One of his Majestys Justices for the [...] County of Middx who committed the said Faint to Prison and bound your Petitioner our to give Evidence against him

That your, Petrs. Master attended at Hicks's Hall with the Prosr. to find a Bill against [...] the said Edward Faint, and told your Petitioner to take care of his Shop in the mean time, and if it was necessary, he would send for your Petr. But Your Petrs. Master did not Send for him, nor did your Petr. attend apprehending that your Petrs. Masters presence was of More consequence and as your Petitioners said Master did not Order it

That your Petr.. is informed his Recognizance is forfeited and will be Estreated, But in Regard your Petitioner is under

Age and was so at the time he entred into the said Recognizance, he is Advised the said Recognizance is a Nullity, Yet be that as it may, as your Petitioner acted entirely from the direction of his said Master and was totally ignorant of the Business and of the Consequences of the said Recognizance, and did not wilfully or designedly do any Act whatsoever to favour the said Edward Faint

Your Petitioner therefore most humbly prays your Lordship that your Petrs.. said Recognizance for not Appearing to give Evidence against the said Edwd. Faint in December Sessions last may not be Estreated, but may be discharged

And your Petitioner shall ever pray Etc.

We know the above named James Sufflee and Thomas Holt his Master and believe the Contents of the above Petition to be true And do Certify that [...] both the said Thomas, Halt and James Sufflee are Persons of good Character, And that the said Thomas Holt is a Reputable and Substantial Householder And a person who [...] Knowingly would not be Guilty of any deceit

Richd. Rutson Even Pugh

