To the Right Honoble Francis Cockayne Esqr. Lord Mayor of the city of London, and the rest of his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the same City in their General Quarter Session Assembled

The Humble Petition and Appeal of the President Treasurer and Governors of Christ's Hospital London

Sheweth That by a Rate or Assessment made on the 15th. Day of November 1750. for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish of Christ- Church London for 13 Weeks commencing from the 15th. Day of July then last past to the 14th. Day October exclusive And by another like Relief for 13 Weeks commencing from the 14th. Day of October then last past Your Petitioners were Rated and Assessed towards the said Relief for and in respect of 7. Houses Demolish'd by the said Hospital and the Ground whereon they stood Converted into she Garden of the Treasurer of the said Hospital And also for and in Respect of 5. other Houses demolish'd and a Sick Ward built on the Ground whereon the same 5. Houses Stood.

That the Ground whereon the said Severall Houses So demolish'd as aforesd. Stood was formerly part of the Grey Friers, and has from the time of the Foundation of the said Hospital (which was near 200 Years ago) belonged thereto and lyes within the said Parish of Christ Church.

That as the Houses and Building on the said Ground Ran to Decay and as the Exigeneys & Occasions of the Hospital Required it the Governors of the said Hospital thought proper to demolish the Sd. Houses and Buildings and to Convert the said Ground to the uses and Purposes before mentioned

That in Regard the said Hospital is a House of Charity and the Sick Ward before mentioned is part thereof and the Garden Ground belonging they to is Occupyed by the Treasurer for the greater Conveniency of his Residence at the said Hospital to do the Duty appertaining to this sd. Office.

Your Petrs. therefore conceiving themselves to be Aggrieved by the said Rates do humble Appeal agt. the Same And pray your Lordship and this honoble Court to take the Premisses into Consideration and to Grand them such Relief therein as to Your Lord P. and this Honoble Court Shall Seem meet

And yr. Petrs. Shall ever Pray Etc

