To the Worshipful his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London in their General Quarter Session of the Peace for the said City assembled.

The humble Petition and Appeal of Sophia a Native of the East Indies but now resident in the Parish of St. Luke Chelsea in the County of Middx.

Sheweth That about two years and an half since your Petr. was brought from the East Indies by Capt. Dean of the East India Trade, and resided with him until he went out again to the East Indies: he leaving your Petr. behind him with Mrs. Dean his Wife.

That some time after the sd. Captains Departure the sd. Mrs. Dean placed your Petr. as a Boarder with a Woman in Monkwell Street London, where your Petr. resided about six Weeks and until the 29th day of June last.

That upon the sd. 29th day of June last your Petr. was taken abroad by the sd. woman with whom she was so boarded as aforesaid, and in a very few Minutes after they quitted their Habitation, your Petr. was forcibly seized by a man in the Street & taken to the Mansion House of the sd. City of London, where your Petr. was charged before the Right Honble the Lord Mayor of the sd. City with being a Vagabond, wandering abroad and lodging in

in the open Air and not giving a good Account of herself.

That one Edward Edwards who is totally unknown to your Petr. did upon the sd. 29th day of June make Oath before the sd. Right Honble. the Lord Mayor that your Petr. lived as a hired yearly Servant with Charles Dean in the said parish of Chelsea and that your Petr. continued in his Service in the sd. Parish two years and upwards, whereupon his Lordship by a Pass Warrant or Order under his Hand and Seal (after reciting that your Petr. was apprehended in the Parish of St. Olave Silver Street London as a Vagabond as afsd) did require Richard Lambert a Constable of the sd. City to convey your Petr. to the Parish of St. Clement Danes in the said County of Middlesex and directed your Petr. to be thence conveyed on to the sd. Parish of Chelsea to be there provided for according to Law and your Petr. was so conveyed accordingly.

Your Petr. denies to have committed any such Act of vagrancy as in the sd. Pass Warrant is alledged or any other Act of vagrancy whatsoever but on the contrary that your Petitioner lodged at her usual Place of abode the night preceding the date of the sd Pass Warrant, and at the Time of her being forcibly seized and taken into Custody in manner aforesaid fit being then about Eleven of the Clock in the forenoon) she was walking the Street in Company with the Wpman who

who boarded her as aforesd. and was in every Respect decent and orderly, both as to Apparel & Behaviour & had been from home but a very few Minutes. And your Petr. has since been informed and verily believes that it was a pre-concerted Plan of sundry Persons that your Petr. should be seized and treated in manner herein before stated.

Your Petr. conceives herself to be aggrieved by the Adjudication or Allegations contained in the sd. Pass Warrant or Order particularly that part thereof wherein your Petr. is stated to have been apprehended as a vagabond wandering abroad lodging in the open Air and not giving a good Account of herself; therefore humbly appeals to this Court against the same & prays your Worships will appoint a Day for the hearing and determining the said Appeal.

And your Petr. shall pray Etc

Herbt Robertson Sollr. for the Appellants.

