To ye. Rigt: Honable: & Worspps her Maties. Justices of ye. peace for ye: City of London

The humble peticon & appeal of ye. Churchwardens & Overseers of ye. poor of that part of ye parish of St: Giles without Cripplegate which is in ye. County of Midx:

Sheweth

That by a Warrant under ye. hands & Seales of Sr: Salae Lovell Kntt: & Sr: Thomas Stampe Kntt: Two of her Maties. Justices of ye. peace for ye. sd. City (Quor unus) bearinge date ye. Third day of this day out January 1707 Elizabeth Barnes Singlewoman was removed from & out of that part of ye. sd. parish of St: Giles wthout. Cripplegate which is in ye. Freedom of ye. City of London to that part of ye. sd. parish which is in ye. sd. County of Midx. therein alledginge that yr. said Elizabeth Barnes was Last Legally Setled there, where she Lived with her petr John Barnes some time in oldstreet Square & afterwards in Standfords Buildings in Hatfeild Street in ye. sd. parish of St: Giles wthout: Cripplegate in ye. County of Midx. untill ye Strict of her Sd. fathers death;

That your Petr Frances Climb. themselves agreived wth: ye. Judgment of ye. sd. Two Justices of ye. Peace and humbly appeale to this Honoble: Court against ye. sd. Warrant For that your Peticoners doubts not but they Can make it plainley appeare that the sd. Elizabeth Barnes hath Since her Liveinge in that part of ye. sd parish of St: Giles wthout: Cripplegate which is in ye. sd. County of Midx gained a Legall Setlements in that part of ye. sd. parish which is in ye. sd. City of London by her Liveing & beinge a Legall Apprentice wth. Robert Aldcock a Throster & Continueinge wth: ye. sd. Robert Aldcock there for ye. space of seven Yeares;

Your Peticoners therefore humbly pray your Worsps. will be pleased to grant an Order of this Honoble: Court that ye. Churchwardens and Overseers of ye. poor of that part of ye. sd. parish of St: giles wth. out. Cripplegate which is wth in ye. Freedom of ye. sd. City of London May attend their Court this present Quarter Sessions to here & abide the Judgmt: & finall determinacon of this Court, touching ye. sd: appeal

And yor. peticonrs: shall ever pray Etc:

John Colliers Church- Warden John Vaux

