To the Rt Honble Marshe Dickinson Esq. Lord Mayor of the City of London and to the Worshipful ye. rest of His Majesty's Justices of ye Peace, for the said City & Liberties thereof, in their Genl Quarter Session Assembled

The humble Petition of William Chisim of Fashion Street in ye Parish of Christchurch, Spittlefields, in the County of Middx Dry Salter, & William Chisim, his Son.

Sheweth That by Indenture of Apprentiship, bearing Date ye Fifty Day of February 1755, Your Petitioner William Chisim, the Son, Did, by the Court of his Sd. Father become bound Apprentice to Edward Jorden & Bicknell Coney, of Leadenhall Street, in ye City of London, Druggists & Partners, to Serve them as an Apprentice, in the Sd. Trade of a Druggist, for the Term of Five Years; by the said Indenture, Relation being thereunto had, may appear.

And yor. Petitioners further Shew unto yor. Lordship & Wordships, that yor. Petition or William Chisim, the Father paid to the sd. Edward Jordon and Bicknell Coney, the Sum of One Hundred and five Pounds, as an Apprentice Free, for ye Consideration. of their taking yor. Petitioner William Chisim, the Son to be their Apprentice, and to touch the said Apprentice their Sd. Trade, and to allow him sufficient Most, Drink and Lodging during the said Term

That the sd. Edward Jorden is Since dead, and ye. sd. Bicknell Coney, since the Decease of ye sd. Edward Jordon, his late Partner, that is to say, on ye Twentieth Day of December last, Turned ye Sd. William Chisim, the Son, out of his House & Service, and refuseth to receive him again, & to teach him his Sd. Trade & Business, or provided for him during ye. sd. Term, contrary to ye. Covenants in ye sd. Indenture contained, on ye. Part & Behalf of ye sd. Bicknell Coney, to be done & performed, And for as much as your Petition or afsd. William Chisim the Son, cannot Serve any other Person as an Apprentice or Servant, until he is discharged from his Sd Indentures of Apprentiship.

Chas: Baynbridge Atty for the Petitioners } Your Petitioners therefore humbly pray yor. Lordship & Worships, that yor. Petitioner ye. sd. William Chisim the Son, may be who yd discharged of ye. Reminder of ye. Term of his sd. Apperentiship yet to come & unexpired that ye sd. Indenture executed by yor. Petitioners, & now in ye. Custody or Power of Ye sd. Bicknell Coney, may be delivered up to be Concelled, And that ye sd. Bicknell Coney may be Ordered to refund & pay bath to your Petitioner Wm. Chisim ye. Father, all, or such Past of Consideration Money paid by him to ye. sd. Edward Jordon & Bicknell Coney, with ye sd. Wm. Chisim the Son, as to yor Lordship & Worships shall seen reasonable; And that your Petitioners may have such further & other Relief as to your Lordship & Worships shall soon meet.

And your Petitioners shall pray etc

