To the Right Honble. John Barber Esqr. Lord Mayor of the City of London and to the Worshipl his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the said City in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace Assembled.

The Humble Petition and Appeal of John Pettit and Nathaniel Nawnham Junr. Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Swithin London

Sheweth That Your Petitioners are Hambourgh Merchants Partners and Inhabitants of the said Parish of St. Swithin London and are Occupiers of two Houses within the said Parish the Rents and Taxes of which are equally paid by your Petitioners who are now rated by the Churchwardens & Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish in an Assessment by them made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish in the following Sums Vizt. for the dwelling House of your Petitioner John Pettit Seven Pounds ten Shillings P Ann and for the dwelling House of Your Petr. Nathaniel Newnham Nine Pounds Seven Shillings & Six pence P Ann Which together makes Sixteen Pounds Seventeen Shillings & Six pence P Ann Which Rate or Assessment your Petitioners humbly conceive is very unequall for that there are severall Inhabitants within the said Parish Whose Houses are of as large Rents & whose Trade & Circumstances do exceed of are equall to Your Petitioners and are not rated in so Large Sums of money Vizt. Sir Gilbert Heathcote Six Pounds P Ann Conrade de Smith five pounds five Shillings P Ann John Hillersden Esqr. Six pounds P Annum Henry Rymers Three Pounds fifteen Shillings P Ann Peter Lucas four pounds ten Shillings P Ann Cornelius mason Three Pounds Seven Shillings & Six pence P Annum Josias Wadsworth Esqr. Four Pounds Seven Shillings P Ann Harrison Six Pounds P Ann James Dargent Three Pounds P Ann John Grainge for two Houses Three Pounds P Ann

Your Petitioners conceiving themselves aggrieved by the Rate or Assessment made by the said Churchwardens and Overseersers of the Poor of the said Parish for & towards the Necessary Relief of the Poor of the said Parish Humbly Appeal to this Honble. Court for such Relief in the Premisses as to this Court shall Seem Just & fitting.

And your Petrs. shall ever pray Etc.

