To the Right Honble. Henry Marshall Esqr. Lord Mayor & the Right Worshipfull the Recorder & Aldermen of the City of London His Majesties Justices of the Peace for the said City of London in Sessions Assembled.

The Humble Petition of the persons whose Namelace Subscribed in behalf of themselves & the other Master Taylors in the Said City of London.

Sheweth. That Your Petrs. in the Month of November Last preferred their Petiton to the Court of the Lord Mayor & Alderman of this City against Joseph Sams who keeps the Sign of the White Swan in Blackfryars John Goulding who keep the Sign of the Green Man in Shoemaker Row John Owen who keeps the Sign of the Post Boy in the Blackfryars Richard Huff who keeps the Sign of the Queens head in Blackfryars Hugh Dixy who keeps the Sign of the Taylors Arms in Blackfryars Richard Jones who keeps the Sign of the George in St. Mary Ax Goldsmith who keeps the sign of the Cape Coast Castle in Leadenhall Street Samuel Salters keeps the Sign of the Blackfryars in Billiter Lane and Davis Peircy who keeps the Sign of the Crown in Billiter Lane licensed Ale house keepers who leep Houses of Call for journey [...] Taylors & Staymakers within this City therein Setting forth that the Sd. Alehouse keepers had been Guilty of encouraging & Supporting the journeymen Concerned in the Combinacon for raising there wages Contrarcy to the Statute in Such case Made and provided The Suppression whereof was Strongly recommended by Many of the Lords of his Majesties most Honoble. Prives Council And which Combinacon is Still Carried on to great injury of Your Petrs. & the determinent of Trade.

That Such proceedings were had upon the sd. Peticon that by Several Roesolncord of the Sd. Court of Lord Mayor & Aldermen Made upon the Twenty Seventh Day of November & the eighteenthy Day of December last it was the judgment of the said Court That the said Joseph same John Goulding John Owen Richard Huff Hugh Dixy Richard Jones Goldsmith Samuel Salter and David Percy had Severally been Guilty of harbouring encouraging or Assisting the journeymen Taylor in the publick Alehouse by them several kept within this City in Canveying on or Combinacon or Confederacy for raising their wages Contrary to the Statue Made in that behalf as by the Sd Resolucons to which Your Set Crave have to refer May appeall.

That Since the sd. Court came to the sd Resolucon the sd. Joseph Saml. John Goulding John Owen Richard Huff Hugh Dixy Richard Jones Goldsmith Samuel Salters and David Perry have continued to offend in the same Manner by harbouring encouraging and Assisting the Sd. journeymen in the publick Alehouses by them Severally kept within this City in carrying on the same perimious Combinacon or Confederacy in Contempt of the sd. Resolncons of the Court of Lord Mayor & Aldermen which Your Petrs. are ready to make good by Mnifest Brooks.

James Crosland ye house Shore in Blackfryers Your Petr. therefore humbly pray Your Lorship & Your Worships that the Several Publick Houses kept by the Sd. Joseph Samp John Goulding John Owen Richd. Huff Hugh Dixy Richard Jones Goldsmith Samuel Salter & David Percy within this City may be Suppressed And that such farther order May be taken in the Premes as to Your Lordship & Your Worships Shall Seem Just

And Your Petrs. Shall ever pray Etc.

Jno: Pate Sam Mandevite Henry Riesenbuk

Jno: Forty Geo: Nail Thos. Watters Philp Shippeye Sam Wade

