To the Right Honorable Robert Peckham Esquire Lord Mayor of the City of London The Honorable James Adair Esquire Recorder of the said City and other his Majesties Justices of Oyer and Terminer, in their General Session assembled

The Humble Petition of Kenneth Mc.Kenize Esquire a Prisoner in Newgate

Sheweth That your Petitioner was on or about the Twenty third day of October, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight three Command to Newgate by a Warrant under the hands and Seals of the Right Honorable the Lords of his Majesty's most honorable Privy Counsel a Copy of which is hereto annexed.

That your Petitioner at the time of his being arrested on the Gold coast in Africa delivered to Captain Wicky the Commander of the Rotterdam Man of Wa [...] which brought your Petitioner to England a List of the Evidence Material for your Petitioner on the Trial of this Indictment whilst the said Captain Wicky remained on the said Court, in his Majesties Service, and requested they may be brought home in the said Ship, in order to your Petitioner Trial, and which your Petitioner humbly begs leave to shew he might have done, had he thought fitt

That in January Session last, an Indictment was preferred and found against your Petitioner on a Special Commission refused for that purpose pursuant [...] Statute (the offence if any being committed in parts beyond the Seas) to which your Petitioner pleaded not Guilty but on account of your Petitioners Witness being absent as aforesaid in some of his Majesty's Forts on the Gold coast, his Majestys Attorney General on the part of Government undertook in the same Session to send out a Ship for them, and the Grampress Man of [...] was according dispatched and is since returned without them, altho' your Petitioner delivered at the same time into Court a list the same Witnesses of which Captain Wicky had before had a Copy, when on the Coast of Africa, and who your Petitioner verily believes may have been produced, had due diligence been used for that purpose

That the Witnesses named in the said Lists are material and of great Consequence on the part of your Petitioner, and without whose Testimony he cannot safely take his [...]

That also from the length of this your [...] has been here, has lost, by Death, one of his Material Witness (Dortor Ormsby) [...] to be Dangerous all of which [...]

And your Petitioner humbly begs lease her to shew into this honorable Court that he cannot but consider his case as uncommonly hard and oppressive, his property having been most violent manner Seized and Sequedred, his Person imprisoned closely in Newgate upwards of twelve Months, his Witness who are material prove his Innocence, with held by Negligence or design, and being entirely in the Person of his prosecutors may be the means of his Imprisonment for Life, the uncertainty of their Arrival being apparent by a Letter your Petitioner hath received a few days ago, from Philip Stephens Esquire Security to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, in the Words and figures following

Sir "Admiralty Office 12th, October 1784 "In answer to your Letter of the 7th. instant I am Commanded by my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to acquiant you that on the "17th of May last the Termagant was ordered to proceed to April in order to bring to Spithread the Persons you desired as Witness. to attend your Trior

I am Sir Your very humble Servant Php. Stephens

Capn.Kenneth Mackenzie Newgate That your Petitioner lastly begs leaves to shew into this Honorable Court that thro' his Sufferings and Confinement together with an Ill State of Health, and violent Scorbutic and other disorders organised thereby your Petitioner hath been very near losing and is now in danger of his Life and he humble request Mr. [...]

That your Petitioner as the time [...] being arrested on the Gold coast in Africa delivered to Captain Wicky the Commander of the Rotterdam Man of Wa [...] which brought your Petitioner to England a List of the Evidences Material for your Petitioner on the Trial of this Indictment whilst the said Captain Wicky remained on the said Coast, in his Majesties Service, and requested they may be brought home the said Ship, in order to your Petitioners Trial, and which your Petitioner humbly begs learve to shew he might have done, had he thought fitt

That in January Session last, an Indictment was preferred and found against your Petitioner on a Special Commission issued for that purpose pursuant [...] Statute (the offence if any being committed in parts beyond the Seas) to which your Petitioner pleaded not Guilty but on Account of your Petitioners Witnesses being absent as aforesaid in some of his Majestys Forts on the Gold coast, his Majestys Attorney General on the part of Government undertook in the same Session to send out a Ship for them, and the Gramfree Man of [...] was accordingly dispatched and is since returned without them, altho' your Petitioner delivered at the same time into Court a list of the same Witnesses of which Captain Wicky had before had a Copy, when on the Coast of Africa, and who your Petitioner verily believes may have been produced, had due diligence been used for that purpose

That the Witnesses named in the said Lists are material and of great Consequence on the part of your Petitioner, and without whose Testimony he cannot safely take his Spital

That also from the length of time your [...] has been here, he has lost, by Death, one of his Material Witnesses (Dorton Ormsby) [...] ared to be Dangerous all of which how now [...] to [...] Court, are facts.

And your Petitioner humbly begs leave [...] her to shew unto this honorable Court that he cannot but consider his case as uncommonly hard and oppressive, his property having been a most violent manner Seized and Sequested, his Person imprisoned closely in Newgate upwards of twelve Months his Witnesses who are material prove his Innocence, witheld by Negligence or design, and being entirely in the power of his prosecutors may be the means of his Imprisonment for Life, the uncertainty of their Arrival being apparently a Letter your Petitioner hath received a few days ago, from Philip Stephens Esquire Secretary to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, in the Words and figures following "Admiralty Office 12th, October 1784

Sir "In answer to your Letter of the 7th. instant I am Commanded by my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to acquaint you that on the "7th. of May last the Termagant was ordered to proceed to [...] in order to bring to Spithead the Persons you desired as Witnesses to attend your Trial

I am Sir Your very humble Servant Pht. Stephens

Capn. Kenneth Mackenzie Newgate

That your Petitioner lastly begs leave to shew unto this Honorable Count that thro' his Sufferings and Confinement together with an Ill State of Health, and violent Scorbutic and other disorders occasioned thereby your Petitioner hath been very near losing and is now in danger of his Life and he humbly refers to Mr. Akerman for the Truth of this Assertion

Your Petitioner therefore humbly prays this Honorable Court to take this Case into Considertion and to admitt him to Bail until the Spial of the said Indictments and until his Evidence shall Arrives or to afford him such other Relief as the Justice and humanity of his Case requires and as to this honorable Court shall seem meet

And your Petitioner shall ever pray Etc.

Kenneth Mackenzie

