To the Right Honourable Sir Robert Godschall Knt. Lord Mayor of the City of London and the rest of his Majesties Justices of the peace for the said City in their General Quarter Session of the peace assembled.

The humble petition of Rebecca Clarke a Poor Girl about the Age of Seventeen years.

Sheweth That your Pe [...] ly a certain Indenture bearing date [...] Sixth day of April 1741 was bound Apprentice by the Parish of St. Thomas Apostle London to one Thomas Peart of the Parish of St. Giles without Cripplegate London Carpenter till She should accomplish her full Age of twenty one years to learn his Art and the said Thomas Peart during the Term of her Apprenticeship was to find and provide for her Meat Drink and other Necessaries. as by a Copy of the same Indenture hereunto annexed doth more fully appear.

That your Petitioner hath only Served upwards of half a year of her Apprenticeship That her said Master had Five pounds Consideration of the parish, Forty Shillings of which were to be laid out for Cloaths for your Petitioner and her said Master was to have the remaining three pounds for his Use.

That your Petitioner hath been beat and abused by her said Master with a Bull's Pizzle in such a manner that her right Arm was so much bruised that your Petitioner might have lost the Use of it, had not it been for your Lordship's great Goodness and Clemency to get your petitioner into Saint Bartholomews Hospital.

That Your Petitioners said Master (hath contrary to the Conditions of the said Indenture) kept your Petitioner so bare in Cloaths & other Necessaries that your Petitioner in January last in the hard weather was obliged to wear Shoes without Soles and for want of necessary Apparel Cheer Cloaths then being in a very tattered Condition) was almost perished with Cold.

Your Petitioner therefore humbly prays this honourable Court Will take her Case into Consideration and discharge her from her cruel & deplorable Scituation with her said Master and that She might not only be discharged from her Apprenticeship for the cruel Treatment aforesaid, But that her said Master may also refund the money which he received of the aforesaid parish as Consideration money

And Your Petitioner will ever pray.

The Mark of Rebecca [x] Clarke

