To the Rt. Honourable Gerard Conyers Knt. Lord Mayor of the City of London and to the Rest of is Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same City of their generall Quarter sessions assembled

The humble petition of the severall Persons whose names are hereunto sett being parishioners of the Parish of St. Botolphs Bishopsgate in the Ward of Bishopsgate in the said City.

Sheweth That George Franckling & William Herrett John Preston John Knighton Henry Cartwright & Thomas Hughes being or Prtending to be Churchwardens & Overseers of the Poor of the parish aforesd. for this present Year did in or abt. the Month of May last make as quarterly Rate or Assessment on Yor. peticoners and the Rest of the Parishioners of the sd. Parish amounting to the Sume of 600 £ & upwards for or towards or under presence of relieving the poor of the sd. Parish or for leaving or raising Money by Virtue or in pursueance of the Statute made in the forty third year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth relateing to the Reliefe of the poor & setting them to worke another same Rate or assesmt. was confirmed by Sr. Edward Becher Knt. Alderman of the sd. Ward and Yor. petitioner's have all of them paid so much as is due of the sevr all Sum's thereby on them respectively charged.

That the sd. persons soon afterward's made another such Rate or Assessmt. on yor. peticoner's and the rest of the parishioners of the sd. Parish for the purpases or under the pretemres aforesd. amounting also in the whose to the sume of £600 & upwards from wth. some of yor. peticoner's and severall other parishioners of the sd. Parish appeales to the Quarter Sessions for the said City who of their Adjournment held on the eighteenth day of October now last upon hearing Councell as well for the sd. pretended Churchwarden's & Overseers as for the sd appealants quashed the same

That the sd. pretended Churchwarden's Overseer's afterwards made another such Rate or Assessment amounting in the whole to the Sume of £300 & upwards and the same having been duly confirmee yor petitioner's have all of them paid the several Sum's thereby on them respecively charged Notwithstanding which they the sd. prtended Churchwarden's & Overseer's have made two other such Rated or assesmt. amounting together to the sum of £300 & upwards, which as they pretend & give out are continued by yor. Lordship & Sr. John Fryer and the sd. Sr. Edward Becher or some person or person's haveing authority to confirm the same.

That the sd. pretended Churchwarden's & Overseers or some of them have demands of yor peticoner's the severall Sumed in the sd. two last mentioned Rates on them respectively charged and have levyee severall sums by the first of them charged on severall of yor. petitioner's by Distress & Sale of their Goods & Chattells by Vertue or under Colour of the said Statue and a Warrant to them the pretended Churchwarden's & Overseer's or some of them granted by the sd. Sr. Edwd. Edmond and threaten to partee [...] to Dying the whole is money by the sd. two last mentioned States charged & intended to be raised by Distress & Sale of the Good & Chassell's of yor Petitioner's and the said other parishioner's by Vertue or unde Pretence of the sd. Statute & Warrant, but refuse to shew the same Rates & Warrant or any either of them to yor peticoner's or to inform them by Vertue of what Anthority the same are made, or what Necessity there is for raising so large a Sum of money as by the said Bates is endeavoured to be raised

Wherefore and for that yo. Peticoner's are apprehensive that the money raised to be raised by the sd. Rates or some of them is applyed or intended to be applyed for some Sinister or other Uses not warranted by the sd. Statute, and for diverse offer reasons partialitys & abuses in & concerning the sd. Rates and the distressed upon one of them as aforesd. had & taken yor peticoners Do hereby humbly appeal from the sd. last two Rates and the sd. Distresse's to Yor. Lordship & Worships and pray that yor. Worships would quash & made void the same or take such Order therein as to yor Worships shall be thought convenient according to the form of the sd. Statute.

And your petitioners shall over pray Etc.

13th. Aprill 1723. Terard Hatley Edwd. Baker

Peregrine Phillips Edwd Hawker

John Hipling Ca [...]

Robt. Welham [...]

Thos. Bowes [...]

Thos. Richard's [...]

parishioners of the sd. parish for the purposed Bamore the procomes aforesd. amounting also in the whose to the sume of £600 & upwards from wth. some of yor. peticoner's and severall other parishioners of the sd. Parish appeales to the Quarter Sessions for the said City who of their adjournment held on the eighteenth day of October now last upon hearing Councell as well for the sd. pretended Churchwarden's & Overseers as for the sd Appealants quashed the same

That the sd. pretended Churchwarden's Overseer's afterwards made another such Rate or Assessment amounting in the whole to the Sume of £300 & upwards and the same having been duly confirmed yor. petitioner's have all of them paid the several Sum's thereby on them respecively charged Notwithstanding which they the sd. prtended Churchwarden's & Overseer's have made two other such Rated or assesmt. amounting together to the Sum of £300 & upwards, which as they pretend & give out are continued by yor. Lordship & Sr. John Fryer and the sd. Sr. Edward Becher or some person or person's haveing Authority to confirm the same.

That the sd. pretended Churchwarden's & Overseers or some of them have demands of Yor. peticoner's the severall Sumes in the sd. two last mentioned Rates on them respectively charged and have levyed severall Sums by the first of them charged on severall of Yor. petitioner's by Distress & Sale of their Goods & Chattells by Vertue or under colour of the said Statue and a Warrant to them the pretended Churchwarden's & Overseer's or some of them granted by the sd. Sr. Edwd. Edmond and threaten to proceeding to lying the whole is money by the sd. two last mentioned rated charged & intended to be raised by Distress & Sale of the Good & Chassell's of Yor Petitioner's and the said other parishioner's by vertue or undr. precence of the sd. Statute & Warrant, but refuse to shew the same Rates & Warrant or any either of them to yor peticoner's or to inform them by Vertue of what Authority the same are made, or what Necessity there is for raising so large a sum of money as by the said Rate's is endeavoured to be raised

Wherefore and for that yo. Peticoner's are apprehensive that the money raised to be raised by the sd. Rates or some of them is applyed or intended to be applyed for some Sinister or other Uses not warranted by the sd. Statute, and for diverse other reasons partialitys & abused in & concerning the sd. Rates and the Distressed upon one of them as aforesd. had & taken yor. peticoners Deliverd by humbly appeal from the sd. last two Rates and the sd. Distresse's to Yor. Lordship & Worships and pray that Yors. Worships would quash & made void the some or take such Order therein as to Yors. Worships shall be thought convenient according to the form of the sd. Statute.

13th. Aprill 1723.

And your Petitioners shall ever pray Etc.

Gerard Hatley Edwd. Baker Abra. Barjeau Jno. Morris George Fossick Richd. O Neale Wm. Mums Wm. Spinage Wm. Hall Dan. Wormlaighton Saml Cutter Saml. Mathewess Jno. Sillie Josh. Forby Gabriel Seele Henry Peir [...] Henry Bariet

Peregrine Phillips Edwd. Bowther Abra. Felsted Edmond Reynolds Thos. Emerton Thos. Pistock Edwd. Whafroft Jeremiah Hems Richd. Merritt Thos. Corst George Sarlin Danl. Hickman Richd. Hewett Wm. Wallors Richd. Lea Peter Redknap Robt. Dent Thel Phillibrown.

John Kipling Caleb Baker Saml. Adams. Saml. Sureties John Leech Fra: Nichols Wm. Cranke Jno. Smith Marnis Hibbs Thos. Long Edwd. Say Jno. Bayners Eliza. Everett Jno. Peacock James Eylor Jono. Rant Golded [...] Jno. Pured

Robt. Welham Jno. Willmost Wm. Cowley Saml. Higgs Samul. Green Richd. Miller Danl. Malin Thos. Burbery P. Bosley Edwd. Coggs Saml. Barry Jno. Hugden Thos. Belch Josh. Dovey James Best Jno. Moore Saml. Malton James Mathews.

Thos. Bowes Hum. Burroughs Thos. Rudge Josiah Knight Saml. Hubbard Richd. Pratt Thos. Gardner Zebulum Spittle James Overton Richd. Stretton Mich. De Lennoy Adam Bewan Jno. Lewis Wm. Heron Wm. Smith Thos. Ford James Deverse [...] Bearling

Thos. Richards Jno. Hickman Jno. Holled Jas. Bedberre Andrew Bird Richd. Phillips Benjn. James Danl. Cobowell Wm. Hickman Ricd. Banister Richd. Mense Saml. Holland Richd. Little Jno. Horrobine Martin Tanner Richd. Pye Richd. Brown Amot Spinage

