To the Right Honourable Sr. Richard Brocas Knt. Lord Mayor of the Citty of London and the Worshipfull the Aldermen the Justices of Peace of the said Citty at the Generall Quarter Sessions Assembled.

The Humble Petition and Appeale of Richard Lechmere John Lateward and Samuel Davenport of London Wharfingers on behalfe of themselves and the rest of the Wharfingers Farmers of Brewers Key Chester Key Galley Key Wool Key Custome House Key and Globe Yard in the Parish of Alhallows Barkin London

Sheweth That Your Petitionrs. or their predecessrs. for upwards of forty Years last past have Occupyed the Severall Keys and Warehouses and have for that time unto the Yeare One thousand Seven hundred & twenty nine been usually asessed about one ninth Part of the Whole poors rate of the said Parish

That about twelve Years Since past [...] Wool Key formerly held on Your petitionrs. was Sold to his Majesty and the greatest part thereof used in makeing additions to the Custome House so that Your petitionrs. now hold only the Wharfe

That Yor. Petitionrs. formerly when they held they whole Key together with the rest of the premes Paid for all the Wharfes and Keys for severall years from about thirty two pounds to forty four pounds P annu

That Yor. Petr. profitts is very Uncertaine depending Cheifly on letting Warehouses for the Convenience of merchants that their Outgoings and Expences and very great their rents High their Servants Numerous and the repairs of Warehouses Wharfes Cranes and other things for the Accomodation of Merchants in landing their Goods very Expensive [...] Yet their profitts is no way increased but Dimmished and that Cheifly by great numbers of Warehouses being Built and now Employed within the said Citty of London and on the Wharfes on the other side the water where great Quantityes of Goods are by Sufferance permitted to be landed which formerly used to be Landed at Yor. Petrs. Keys.

That us your petrs. are informed and believe there has been no mire use of the Poor within the said parish proportion able to the Advance of the Poors rate Considering the Asessment is raised from Sixteen months to twenty five months in the year and their usuall way of assessing being about Sixteen months to the yeare and great Improvements have been made in new Buildings within the said Parish

That for the Yeare One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty nine the Church Wardens and Overseers of the said Parish made an Assessment of twenty five months and asessed Your Petrs.

near Double what they were formerly Asessed at without raiseing the rest of the parish in any proportion notwithstanding great Part of Wool Key had been to added to the Custome House and altho they asessed the Comrs. in respect thereof neare Double

That Yor. Petrs. have paid Such Asessments And altho the said Church Wardens and Overseers had no Occasion to raise more Money Yet on or about the twenty first day of March last past they have made [...] another Asessmt. of Six months rate And thereby Asessed your Petitionr the Sume of Twenty One pounds four Shillings

That the present Church Wardens and Overseers have Likewise made on asessment on Yor. Petitionrs. and the rest of the parish for the yeare One thousand Seven hundred & thirty at twenty five Months for the Yeare And thereby rated Yor. petitionrs. as for the former Yeare at Eighty five pounds Sixteen Shillings and eight pence And also the Comrs. off the Customs in respect of Wool they as aforesaid

That the Church Wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish had no Occasion to raise any money by the Said Six Months additionall [...] Overate for the use of the Poor of the said parish who were More then fully provided for by the moneys raised by the Said yearly rate us had they occasion to make [...] so great an Asessmt. for the yeare One thousand seven hundred & thirty

That Yor. Petrs. are advised and Humbly apprehend that the said Six months rate is in it Selfe illegall and that the Said rate for the yeare One thousand Seven hundred & thirty for the reasons above mentioned is Unequall and Oppressive to Yor. Petrs. and that Yor. petrs. one very much Aggrieved thereby.

Yor. Petrs. therefore most Humbly Pray this Court that the said Six Months rate may be quashed and that Yor. Petrs. may be relieved as to the rate for this present Yeare And that Yor. petrs. may inspect the accounts of the Church Wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the sd. Pish from the yeare One thousand Seven hundred & twenty five And that they may account for the moneys they have raised by the said last Years rate in such manner as this Court Shall Direct or that Yor. Petrs. may be otherways relieved in the premes as to this Court shall Seem meet

And Yor. Petrs. Shall Ever Pray Etc.

