To the Right Honourable the Lord Mayor and the Worshipfull the Aldermen his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the of London assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace held in and for the said City

The Humble Petition of Thomas Mussendine of Bernards Inn in the said City of London Gentleman

Sheweth That your Petitioner did in Easter Term 1781 commence his Action in his Majesty's Court of Kings Bench at Westminster against Thomas Wright Esquire and Evan Pugh Esquire two of the Inhabitants of the said City of London for the Recovery of the Damages Sustained by your Petitioner by reason and on account of the unlawful Riotus and Tumultuous assembly of divers persons to the Number of 12 and more at the said City of [...] in the Parish [...] Andrew Holborn in the Ward of Farringdon without on the 7th. day of Time in the year of our Lord 1780 and then and there unlawfull Felloniously and with force wholly demolishing a certain Dwelling House and divers Goods and Chattels therein kept and Deposited belonging to your Petitioner situate in Bernards Inn in the said Parish and Ward aforesaid in the City of London aforesaid.

That your Petitioner having Declared in such Action the Defendants Pleaded thereto and the Cause being thereupon at Issue the same came on to be and was Tried before the Right Honourable the Earl of Mansfield Chief Justice of the said Court the sittings after Hilary Term last at the Guildhall in and for the said City of London when a Verdict was found for your Petitioner for the Sum of £102:9s:9d being the amount of the damages by your Petitioners Sustained on the Account and in the manner aforesaid besides your Petitioners Costs of Suit.

That your Petitioner hath since the Trial of the said Cause and since the said Verdict was found as aforesaid got his Costs Charges and Expences of the said Action and Trial duly

And in the usual manner Taxed by the proper Officer of the said Court of Kings Bench and which said Costs and Taxed and settled at the sum of £32 3d

That your Petitioner did on the 25th. day of June last past duly obtain and sign final Judgment in the said Action in the said Court of Kings Bench against the said Thomas Wright and Evan Pugh the Defendants therein named for the said Sums of £102.9s.9d and £32 in 3d making together £134 10s-being the whole amount of the Damages and Costs so by your Petitioner sustained in the manner and on the occasion aforesaid which said final Judgment now remains entered upon Record and in full force in the said Court

That your Petitioner hath lately on the said Judgment so obtained as aforesaid sued out his Majestys Writ of Lavare Kicias in the said Court of Kings Bench against the said Defendants in the said Action for the raising and Levying of his your Petitioners said Damages and Costs and hath pursuant to the [...] and provided delivered the said Wait to the present Sheriffs of the City of London to be by them presented and delivered to your Lordship and Worships in Order that your Petitioners said Damages and Costs may be raised Levied and Collected on the Goods and Chattels of the Inhabitants within the said City according to the directions contained in the said Statute or Statutes.

Your Petitioner Thomas Mussendine the Plaintiff in the said Action therefore humbly requests and intreats your Lordship and Worships that you will be pleased Immediately to cause the said Sum of £134 10 to be raised Levied and Collected on the Inhabitants of the said City of London and to be after paid to your Petitioner the said Plaintiff in

In the said Action he being the persons Intitled thereto and that the said Sums may be raised Levyed Collected and paid in such manner and form and by such ways and means as are mentioned and Expressed in by and shall be pursuant to the statute or Statutes in such Case made and provided and particulary the several made in the 27th. Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, the 1st. year of the Reign of King George the 1st. the 8th Year of the Reign of King George the 2nd. and the 22nd. Year of the Reign of King George the 2nd. and that you will be pleased to make Issue and Grant such Precipt and Precept order and orders of Sessions for the purposes aforesaid as to [...] er Lordship and Worships shall seem [...] ex And your Petitioner will every pray Etc.

