To the Rt: Honourable the Lord Mayor of the City of London and the rest of his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the said City in General Quarter Session of the Peace Assembled.

The Humble Petition of Timothy Mr: Dermott Citizen Tyler and Bricklayer of London.

Sheweth That your Petr. in December 1772 at the Session of the Peace for this City was Licenced as a Victualler for the House, wherein he then and now lives Situate in the Parish of Allhallows London Wall in Broad Street Ward, then Called a Coffee House, which your Petr. He olds on a Lease for the Remainder of a Term of 21 Years, formerly granted your Petr. at every Considble Annual Rent and Taxes, And your Petr. hath ever since been and Continued a yearly Licenced Victualer until the last General Licencing of Victuallers,

That your Petr. during the whole Time hath Conducted himself with Propriety, and preserved good Order and regularity in his said House, and was therefore in hopes, he should have been Licenced at the last General Licencing of Victuallers, But your Petr. to his great surprise, without any Fault or Crime whatever on his part, finds that his Name was omitted to be Inserted in the list of Victuallers for the said Ward for this present year, By Means whereof, your Petr. will be totally deprived of the Means of Subsisting himself and Family, Unless heir relieved by your Humane Interposition

That your Petr is a Freeman of this City and a Livery Man of the Tylers an Bricklayers Company, which Cost your Petr. upwards of £80 and your Petr. has been Foreman of the Inquest and has served all the Offices when called upon

That your Petr. Humbly presumes his personal Conduct and Character will bear the Strictest Test, of Inquiry, for Regularity Honesty and Integrity, which is Attested by Numbers of his Neighbours of the Most Dismterested and Respectable Characters in the Ward, And Unless your Petr. Licence is renewed, He, and his Children, will be reduced to the Lowest Distress, and your Petr. deprieved of Acquiring a Livelihood.

Your Petr. therefore most Humbly Prays that you will be Pleased to take his base into your Consideration and Grant him a Victualing Licence for this present year on his Entering into a Recognizance with Sureties to Keep good Order and Regularity therein

Timy. Mr. Dermott

Vis. Back

