To the Right Honble Thomas Harley Lord Mayor of the City of London & the Rest of his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the said City in their General Session of the Peace Assembled.

The Humble Petition of the Church Wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Vedast otherwise Forster in the said City of London

Sheweth That Your Petitioners by Virtue of a Warrant under the Hands & Seals of two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Said City bearing Date the 2d. day of August 1768 (Reciting that it appeared unto then the said Justices as well upon the Complaint & Application of the said Church Wardens and Overseers as upon due Prof upon Oath before them made That Wm. London late of the Parish of St. Vedast otherwise Forster in the said City Working Silver Smith had gone away from his Place of abode in Green Lane Cheapside in the Parish & City aforesaid into some other County city or Place & had left his Wife & two of their Children upon the Charge of the Sd. Parish the Place of their last Legal Settlement & that the said Wm. London had some Goods & Chattles then Lying in one of the Warehouses belonging to his Majesty's Customes which said Goods & Chattles would case the said Parish the said Parish of their said Charges in whole or in Part) Did by the Consent of the Commissioners of his Majestys Customs take & Seize the said Goods & Chattles consisting of the several Articles following

In a Case Marked No.1 I W.

2 Pair of Shoes with the Name of Wm. London. A Bill of Mr. Parsons the Apothecary for Curing Wm. London his Wife Consenting to £.11.6s.7d. 1 Pair of Esquires. A Two Guinea Peace marked A H. 4 Crown Pieces 6 Medalls. 1 Spanish Silver Pieces 19 Pence in small Silver Coin 1 Gold 5s/3d & a halfpenny in a Pursed 1 Mettle Watch & Chain makers name Allen. 1 Pair Cluster Sleeve Buttons. 1 Knee Buckle 1 Little Silver Cross. 1 Small Poble Box. 1 Spoon Case. A Mark for Linnan W.L. One Pocket Book with Sunday Papers. 4 Mettle Spoons 2 Silver Corials Sunday Letters Shop Bills & Cards of the said Wm. London Survey of London & Westminster. 4 Plated Spurs. 7 Books 120 [...] o Pile of Weighs. One Silver Punch Ladle. Wm. Londons Shop Books. 2 Pair of Scales. One Drawer with Sundry Books & Plates of Wm. Londons Shop One Bible with the Name of Wm. London & his Wife & the Birth of their Children Sundry Silver Spoons Part finished & Part not with other Silver amounting

to about 3.62z. 15p.6G.

In a Cask marked IW No. 2 Several Blue Pots & Crucibles. & 1 Copper Pan

In a Cask marked IW No.3 Several Working Tools.

In a Case marked No.4 Containing Anvils other Iron Tools some Books & Land Papers

In a Hair Trunk marked No.6 Nine Sheets. 5 Pillow Cases. 6 Table Cloths. 7 Napkins Old Packing Cloths, 2 Flannells. 5 Night Caps. 2 Towells. 2 Handkerchiefs, 2 New Shirts marked L.2 Stocks 6 Pair of Stockings One Countrpain, 3 Coats 5 Waistcoats A Card of Wm. Londons Shop in one of the Pocketts & 3 Pair of Breeches.

In a Small Box A Copy of the Freedom of Wm. London & Mr. Goring 4 Volumes History of England. One Dictionary One Prayers Book Sundry Shop Bills & Letters of Corespondents. 32 [...] Pile of Weights new. One Case with Two Razors. Some Chocolate. 11 Keys and a Cork Sarew

That the Wife of the said Wm. London & his two Children have been Chargeable to & maintained by the said Parish for the Space of 5 Weeks last past and are likely to continue Burthen some to the said Parish as the said Wm. London cannot be found

That the said Church Wardens and Overseers have Paid & allowed for the Maintenance of the sad Wife & Children for such time the sum of 10s.6d. Weekly

That the Eldest of the Said Children is now under the Age of 5 Years & the Youngest under the Age of 4 Years

Your Petrs. therefore most humbly Pray that the said Warrant may be confirmed & that your Petrs, may sell the said Goods & Chattles & that the

Money arising by the Sale thereof may be applied from time to time for and towards the Discharge of the said Parish for the Maintenance of the Wife and Children of the said Wm. London

And your Petrs. shall ever Pray

