Between

Charles Robins Appellant and The Church Wardens & Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. Dionis Back Church London Respondents

[---]

To the Rt. Honble the Lord Mayor & Worshipful Aldermen his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at Guild hall in and for the said City of London assembled

The Humble Petition & Appeal of Charles Robins a Parker & an Inhabitant of the sd. Parish

Sheweth That your Petitioner become an Inhabitant & Rented a House in Cullum Street within the said Parish at the Rent of £60. of Annum from Michaelmas day 1758.

That above Caster in the Year 1758 before your Petitioner was an Inhabitant a Rate or Assessment was made for the Relief & Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, and your Petr. by an Interlmeation in the Rate was Rated or assessed for that Year at the Rate of. £5..12s..8d., wch. is 2s..2d. P Week which considered as a Pound Rate woud Amount to 1s..10½d P Pound; The first half Year which Ended at Lady day last Past your Petitioner Paid; but then Acquainted the Collector or Church Warden that he was Rated excesswely high and above in Proportion to his Neighbours & others Inhabitants of the said Parish.

That a Meeting being Published to be held in August last for the making of Another Rate or Assessmt. for the Ensuing Year Your Petitioner Attended Such Meeting and then and there made a Remonstrance in Writing of his Grievance Representing that he was Charged in the Poor Book at the Rate of £5..12s..8d. P Annum being 1s..10½d in the Pound upon his Rent of £60. P Ann. a heavy Charge upon a Young Man just coming into the World and Entring into Business & therein Requesting said Vestry or Assessors to take his Case into Consideration & make such Rate or Assessment as in their Cand our should think reasonable

But your Petr. cou'd Obtain no Relief or Abatomt. on such Rate or Assessmt.

Wherein your Petr. conceives and is Advised that the said Rate is Partial Unequal and Unjust & that he is Aggrieved thereby.

Therefore he humbly appegls to your Lordship and Worships against the said rate or Assessmt. and Prays your Lordship any Worships will be Pleased to Appoint some day this Present Session to hear and determine the Matter touching the said Appeal

And Your Petitioner Shall every Pray Etc.

Charles Robins

