To ye Right Honourable Sr William Stewart Knight Lord Mayor of ye City of London & others [...] il Majesty's Justices of ye Peace for ye. sd City at ye Generall Quarter Sessions of the Peace for ye sd. City Assembled.

The humble Petition of Benjamin Tomkins of Abingdon in the County of Berks Mallster.

Sheweth. That your Petitioner having One hundred Quarters of Mall lying on board a Lighter on Vessell Brookswharfe in ye Riverof Thames London For which Mall your Petitioner had long before paid on Secured to be said all Duty due for the same, The said Lighter or [...] on the Eighteenth Day of May now last past by same unknown and unavoidable Accident in the night time unfortunately cripplegate saith with your Petitioners said one hundred Quarters of Mail therein And confined under ye Water for mary hours before your Petitioner his Factor or Servantt could have Intelligence thereof or before the said Mall could be again taken up Whereby the said Mall received very great Damage To the great Loss and Deterinent of your Petitioner By reason whereof and for as much as your Petitioner having long before the said accident happened paid [...] paid the Duty due for ye same Your Petitioner humbly apprhends he is intilled to be repaid & [...] allow'd ye Duty he hath paid for the same on some part thereof or to have such an allowance as will bear ye same Proportion to ye whole Duty as the said Damage bears to ye value of the said Mall before was so damaged and to have such Releife & Redress as is intended by an Act passed in ye Twelfth year at her late Majesty Queen Ann.

Your Petitioner therefore humbly Pray & your Worships would be pleased to determine Etc setts ye Quantity of ye Damage done to your Petitioners sd [...] by ye sd Accident and to give your Petitioner a Certificate under your Worship hands & Seals of ye Sume your Worships shall think fitt to allow That ye officer appointed to [...] ye sd Duty may repay or allow to your Petitioner so much mony a ge Sume your worshipps shall think fitt to allow or that your Worships would please to make such order therein for your Petrs Redress in ye places as your Worships shall which proper

And yr Petitioner shall ever pray Etc.

