To the Right Honourable the Lord Mayor and the Worshipfull the Aldermen his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the City of London assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace held in and for the said City

The Humble Petition of William Johnson of the Excise office in the said City of London Gentleman

Sheweth That your Petitioner did in Easter Term 1781 commence his Action in his Majestys Court of Kings Bench at Westminster against Thomas Wright Esquire and Evan Pugh Esquire two of the Inhabitants of the said City of London [...] the Recovery of the Damages [...] And by your Petitioner by reason and on Account of the Unlawful Pistons and Tumultuous assembly of Divers persons to the number of Twelve and more at the said City of London in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn in the Ward of Farrington without on the 7th. day of June in the year of our Lord 1780 and then and there unlawfully Feloniously and with force wholly demolishing a certain dwelling House and divers goods and Chattels therein Kept and deposited belonging to your Petitioner Situate in Bernards Inn in the said Parish and Ward aforesaid in the City of London aforesaid

That your Petitioner having Declared in such Action the Defendants pleaded thereto and the Cause being thereupon at Issue the same came on to be and was tried before the Right Honourable The Earl of Mansfield Chief Justice of the said Court the sittings after Hilary Term last at the Guildhall in and for the said City of London when a verdict was found for your Petitioner for the sum of £56:4s:5d being the Amount

Amount of the Damages by your Petitioner Sustained on the Account and in the manner aforesaid besides your Petitioner's Costs of Suit.

That your Petitioner hath since the Trial of the said Cause and since the said Verdict was found as aforesaid got his Costs Charges and Expences of the said Action and Trial duly and in the usual manner Taxed by the proper Officer of the said Court of Kings Bench and which said Costs are Taxed and Settled at the Sum of £36.5s.7d

That your Petitioner did on the 19th. day of June last past duly obtain and Sign final Judgement in the said Action in the said Court of Kings Bench against the said Thomas Wright and Evan Pugh the Defendants therein named for the said Sums of £56.4s.5d £36.5.7 making together £9.2.10-being the whole amount of the damages and Costs so by your Petitioner sustained in the manner and on the Occasion aforesaid which said Final Judgment now remains entered upon Record and in full force in the said Court.

That your Petitioners hath lately on the said Judgment [...] obtained as aforesaid Sued out his Majestys Writ of Lavare Facias in the said Court of Kings Bench against the said Defendants in the said Action for the raising and Levying of his your Petitioners said Damages and Costs and hath pursuant to the Statute or Statutes in such Case made and provided delivered the said Writ to the present Sheriffs of the City of London to be by them presented and delivered to your Lordship and Worships in order that your Petitioners said Damages and Costs may be raised Levied and Collected on the Goods and Chattels of the Inhabitants within the said City according to the directions Contained in the said Statute or Statutes

Your Petitioner William Johnson the Plaintiff in the said Action therefore humbly requests and intreats your Lordship and Worships that you will be pleased Immediately to Cause the said Sum of £92:15s: [...] d to be raised Levied and Collected

Collected on the Inhabitants of the said City of London and to be after paid to Your Petitioner the said Plaintiff in the said Action he being the persons Intitled thereto and that the said sums may be raised Levied Collected and paid in such Manner and form and by such ways and means as are mentioned and Expressed in and by and shall be pursuant to the Statute or Statutes in such Case made and provided and particularly the several statutes made in the 27th. Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth the 1st. Year of the Reign of Ring George the 1st. The 8th. Year of the Reign of King George the 2nd. and the 22d. Year of the Reign of King George the 2nd. [...] nd that you will be pleased to [...] and grant such prec [...] and [...] order and orders of Sessions for the purposes aforesaid as to your Lordship and Worships shall seem meet and proper

And your Petitioner will ever pray Etc

