To the Right Honrble Sir Edward Bellamy Knight Lord Mayor of the City of London and there St of the Justices of the peace for the said City in their General Quarter Sessions Assembled

The Humble Petition of Several Cornfactors of the City of London whose name sare subscribed hereunto on behalf of the Farmers and Occupyers of Land thoughton Great Britain

Sheweth That Yr. Petrs are Severally Employd as Tailors and Agents for the Farmers and Occupyers of Land is Great Britain to Sell their British Corn and Grain at the Markett at Benr Key London

That Yor Petrs are able to make Appear to this Honrble Court from the Accounts received from their British Correspondents That the Crops if Corn and Grain within Great Britain are the Season very Great and plentifull the the lateness of the Harvest and Contrary Winds have at Prevent Prevented its arrival into the Port of London so early as it usually hath been in forward Seasons By means of which there is a Present Harrity in the Markett Particularly of the best Sort of Oats

That Yor Petr. are Apprehensive the Honrble Court will be Applyed to by some Persons with Affidavits for the Assertaining the Prices of Oats in Order that Foreign Oats may be Imported into the Port of London at the Lowest Duty for Six Months Certain

That now the Price of the Best Sort of British Oats doth not Exceed 16s:6d a Quarter

That there are many more Oats sold at 12s: a Quarter and under so that upon an Average the Price of the Midd being Sort of Oats cannot be said to Exceed 14s:3d a Quarter

That for the Prevention of such Importation it is Provided by the Statute made in the twenty second year of King Charles the Second that when British Oats of the Middling sort exceed not the Price of Sixteen shillings P Quarter then Foreign Oats cannot be Imported upon a High duty as by the said Statute set forth

That yor Petrs Apprehend and receive from these Reasons that should any orders Certificate Issac from this Honorable Court upon the Affidavits of any Persons upon such Application in this Particular It would be at this time of the Greatest Prejudice and detriment not only to the farmers and Occupyers of Land but to the Landed Interest in General

Yor Petrs therefore Humbly Pray to be heard by themselves and their Comell against the said Application or to have such other relief in the Promisses as the Honorable Court shall think Proper.

Joseph VandeWall Ford [...] Jno F [...] Stepn: Abbott Robt. Wilson Solo. Barson W. Beson Wm Stevens Saml Willis John Edward H Kynner

Edmd Stevens George Nelson Ste: Wear Jos Norshall John Still John younghusband Samll. Buck Junr John Northcott Richd. Hyde Isaac Le Count

Larkes & Exton Tho: Boddington Jos: Browning Ben: Bucknall Thos: Cocksedge Gody. Harries Geor Ellis James Greene John Stonard Robt. Johnson Willm Lobson

