To the Right Honble the Lord Mayor and the Rest of the Worshipfull Justices of the Peace for the City of London and Liberties thereof.

The humble Petition of Henry Badridge

Sheweth That your petr. in the Year 1744 being one of the Poor of parish of Cripplegate London was by the said parish putout an Apprentice unto William Whiting Townsend a Non Freeman was of the parish of Saint Sepulchres London Lapidary to Learn of his the sd. Art & Mistery of a Lapitary & to Serve him as an Apprentice untill he shod. Attain unto the Age of Twenty four years

That your petrs. sd. Master by the sd. Indenture of Apprenticeship did covenant to Learn him his sd. Art & Mistery of a Lapidary & also during his Apprenticeship to find & provide for him good and sufficient Meat Drink Washing Lodging Apparell & other Necessary & at the End of the Said Apprenticeship to Provide a new Suit of Cloaths for him

That your Petr. faithfully & hoveslly Served his sd. Master for the Space of Seven years & on the 21st. day of December last Attanied to his Age of twenty one Years.

That soon after being out apprenticeship as aforesd. your Petrs. said Master by Misfortunes became greatly Improverished & having a very large Family & by Reason of his being Obliged to Secrete himself from his Creditors for fear of being Arrested, his Busniess greatly decreasing he was & is thereby become Incapable of finding & providing for your petr. proper Necessarys & Cloathing as he ought to do, And also by Reason of his great Decrease of Business as aforesd. is In Wiely unable to Learn your Petr. the said Artor Mistery of Lapidary & not having sufficient neat Drink & Cloathing provided for his he [...] on the 20th. day of October last withdraw himself from his sd. Master's Service

Your Petr. therefore most humbly prays your Worships that for the Reasons afd. he may be discharged from his said Apprenticeship or that this sd. Master may Turn him over to Some other person of the same Trade Capable to Learn him the sd. Art or Mistery of a Lapidary & to provide for him according to the Terms of the sd. Indenture of apprenticeship or that your Worships would please to make such other Order in the Premisses as to your Worships shall Sam meet

And your Petr. shall ever pray Etc.

Take Notice that I Intend to Petition his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London and Liberties thereof at the next General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the said City & Liberties at the Guildhall of the Sd City On Tuesday the twenty third day of June Instant to be discharged from any Apprenticeship for the Reasons contained in the above Petition As Witness my Hand this 20th. day of June 1752

To Mr. William Whiting Townsend

Henry Badridge

