To the Rt. Honoble: Sr. John Parsons Knt. Lord Mayr. of the City of London And the Right Worll. the rest of her Maties: Justices of the Peace At the Generall Quarter Sessions of the peace assembled.

The humble petition & Appeale of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poore of the Pish of St. Buttolph wth. out Algate

Sheweth That by Virtue of a Warrant under the hands and Seales of Two of her Maties. Justices of the Peace One being of the Quor dated the 31st day of December 1703 Due Anne Smith was by the Churchwardens & Overseers of the Poore of the Parish of St. Buttolph wth. Bishppsgate London Sent to yor. Petr. to be provided for upon her Oath that William Smith her husband lived for the Space of above Twenty yeares last past and was A Penconer in yor. Peticioner Parish Whereas in truth the said Anne Smith went by the Name of Anne Fryer in the Parish of St. Buttolph Bishoppsgate extra where She hath lived for above Twenty yeares last past and was a penconer the But being taken in the Compa. of the said William Smith was by the Beadle of the parish of St. Buttolph Bishoppsgate and a Constable in the same parish by force compelled to marry each other or if they refused so to doe were by the Beadle & Constable threatned to be carried to Gaole [...] And set the said Marriage by designing to Settle the said Anne Fryer in yor. Petitioners Parish were the said Wm. Smith was a Penconer And the said Anne never lived wth. the said Wm. Smith in yor. Petrs. Parish

Wherefore yor. Petrs. humbly pray yor. Honors. and Worpps. to hear them in the Prmisses And to order the Churchwardens of the Pish of St. Buttolph wth out Bishoppsgt to Appear here before you To Shew cause why they should not pvide for the said Anne Smith And that the said Anne may be Sent by the Churchwardens & Overseers of the poore of the said Pish of St. Buttolph Bishoppgt. to be by them kept & Pvided for till they can free themselves of the charge thereof by due course of Lawe

And they Shall Ever Pray Etc.

