To the Right Honourable John Wilkes Lord Mayor of the City of London, and the Rest of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in their General Quarter Session of the Peace in and for the City of London Assembled.

The humble Petition of Robert Moon.

Sheweth That your Petitioner (who is a Deputy Constable for the Ward of Portsoken) being lately Indicted for Assaulting and Imprisoning Jane Marsh (a Woman of the Town) until She paid two Shillings for her Enlargement your Petitioner pleaded thereto, Not Guilty, and the Issue was Tryed this present Session, on Monday the second Day of October Instant, when your Petitioner was found guilty of the said Offence, and received the following Judgment from this Honourable Court (Vizt.) To pay a Fine of Five Pounds, and "suffer three Months Imprisonment in Newgate.

That your Petitioner hereby acknowledges himself Guilty of the said Offence, and that he hath justly incurred the displeasure of this Honourable Court, (but was induced to commit the same by one Hugh Wilson a Deputy Constable who is since Dead But for as much as your Petitioner is excessively Poor not in the least able to pay the said Fine or any part thereof without the Assistance of some Benevolent Person, or Persent And as your Petitioner hath a Wife and Three small Children to support from his daily Earnings, and from some Christmas Gifts Annually bestowed on him, by the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate as their Bellman, and without which Assistance, your Petitioners Wife, and Family, must inevitably become chargeable to the Parish for their support, and Maintenance.

Your Petitioner therefore most humbly hopes this Honourable Court will take his Case into Consideration, and mittigate the Judgment pronounced against him, both with respect tot he Fine, and Imprisonment, Your Petitioner hereby present [...] never hereaftr. to be guilty of any Offence or Misdemeanour, to Inner the displeasure of this, or any other Court of Indicature

And your Petitioner as in Duty bound will ever pray Etc

We whose Names are hereunto subscribed Being Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate London do on Account of the Petitioners Circumstances, and distresses of his Wife and Family humbly beg leave to reccommand the said Petitioners to this Honourable Court for their Clemency }

Philip Grafton Depy.

Robt Harding Wm. Wilson. Joseph Wise} Comn. Council Men

Edwd: Gibbs. Wm. Coles} Church Wardens

John Mundy William Dennis Thos Hardy Willm. Beebe Crook: Wilson} Overseers

John. Downes Antony Kemp Robt. Barnett John Towers Wm. Albly John Barney John Sampson Geo Haigh J Hough

John Marchant Geo: Crew Jose. Read Geo Cartoys Thos Harrison Wm: Baker Thos Honiborne James Sise Ben Bunn John Lane Joseph Boone Simon Hillatt John Wagers Wm Brander Fra Hawel David Steel

