To the Right Honourable Daniel Lambert Esquire Lord Mayor of the City of London and the Rest of the Justices of the Peace for the said City in their Quarter Sessions Assembled

The Humble Petition of the Several Innholders Stable Keepers Hackney Coachmen and other [...] Consumer of Oats whose Names are Subscribed hereunto on the Behalf of themselves and all others the Consumers of Oats in and about the City of London

Sheweth That Your Petitioners in the Month of October last applied to this Honourable Court representing the great Scarcity of Oats and the High prices of that Grain at Bear Keys Market and the great Hardships Your Petitioners then lay under on Account of the Ports being street, and the Importation of Foreign Oats thereby prevented, and it appearing by Affidavit that the Prices of Midling English Oats then greatly Exceeded the Price Limited by the Act of Parliament This Court was pleased to Order the Port of London to be opened and to Certify the Price accordingly to the Cheif Officer and Collector of his Majesties Customs there

That altho the Port has been Opened and Foreign Oats Imported yet the Crops fell so short in all parts of this Kingdom which with the great Demand of Oats in Scotland the Prices have still kept up so Extravagantly high that your Petitioners have laboured under the greates Dilk [...] ltys for these Six Months past and should the Port be shut at this time. It must be the utter Ruin of Your Petitioners and many of the Trade must be obliged to leave off since by the high Prices of Oats with that of Hay and Straw their Business has been carried on with Loss

That Your Petitioners are now ready to prove to this Honourable Court that the Prices of Midling English Oats now Exceed the Price specified in the Act and that so far from being to Sufficient Quantity left in the Kingdom for the Supply of this City. That Scotland and [...] North of England which this City usually depended other Supply are no in such Want that they have been and still must be supplied [...] will certainly take off what Little remains in Cambridgeshire the Only Place that has any left for the Supply of other Countys And as that Country has been the only part that has supplied this City as also the North with Oates they themselves are now in a Manner quite Exhausted so that Your Petitioners humbly apprehended if the Port of London should not be Continued to be kept open not only this City but all the Capital Towns in England will be reduced to the greatest Hardships

Your Petitioners therefore pray this Honourable Court to Certify the Prices of Oats to the Collector of the Customs of this Port according to the Affidavit hereunto a and [...] and is Case any application shall be made to this Honourable Court to shut [...] Port That Your Petitioners may be heard by themselves and their Council against such [...] Application And Your Petitioners shall ever Pray Etc

Francis Hotford Henry Tame Thomas Smith Jno. Butler

Bridgeman Brown Thomas Leighton Wm Merryman

Richd Roybould Moses Notherwood

William Kendall Edward Thompson

County has been the only Part that has supplied this City as also the North with Oates they themselves are now in a Manner quite Exhausted so that Your Petitioners humbly apprehend if the Port of London should not be Continued to be kept open not only this City but all the Capital Towns in England will be reduced to the greatest Hardships

Your Petitioners therefore humbly Pray this Honourable Court to Certify the Prices of Oats to the Collector of the Customs of this Port according to the Affidavit hereunto an [...] And in Case any Application shall be made to this Honourable Court to shut this Port That Your Petitioners may be heard by themselves and their Council against such Application And your Petitioner shall ever Pray Etc

Francis Hotford Henry Tame Thomas Smith Jno Butler Francis Mapelton James Broughton Prince West Saml Purt Jno. Warington John Gayham Jno. Jerrold [...] Moyer [...] Wm Miller John Arnold Thos. Bower Robert Taylor Jno Allen Ab: Stewart Wm Manwell John Shelley John Robins Thomas Cromphorn

his James [x] Wright Mark

Jno. Long

Bridgman Brown Thomas Leighton Wm Merryman George Wright John Cann John Jones John Shuttleworth Joshua Charlesworth John Greenhow Es: Pearse Wm. Dew Cornlius Cutter Tho: Gardner [...] Hyde Ra Chamberlaine John Downes John Bawoughby Tho Howells Henry Stator George Grisewood Thos Cloingh James Parrott

Richd Roybould Moses Naetherwood Henry Pearson John Nevill Hannah Sawson Edward Gumley John Armitstead Isaac Miryweathes Richard Grayson Thos. Wisher Eliz Holmes Will Wilkinson Thos Newman Patt Burke John Harrison Willm Swetling James Peell James Rayner John Hadgson Robert Jones John Roberts Francis Millson George Oldner Henry Daintry

William Kendall Edward Thompson Francis Partridge John Hambrough Cha: Memysus Edwd Pepper [...] nd Roger Pemberton Thos Lewis Wm Acton Roe Finch William Baldwin Jno Addy Geo Dearson James Booker Edwd Cole John Townson Thomas Sqazer Katherine Wood Sarah Gilbee Wm Tengree John Thompson

