To the Right Honble John Blachford Esqr Lord Mayor of the City of London Richard Adams Esqr. Recorder of the same City and the rest of his Majestys Justices at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace aforesaid at Guildhall in and for the Said City

The Humble Petition of Thomas Hines Son of Michael Hines of the Parish of Saint Giles in the Feilds in the County of Middx Victualler

Humbly Sheweth That by Indre bearing date the 4th. day of August in the Year of our Lord 1741 your Petr. by and with the consent of his said Father was bound apprentice to one Robert Hinch of the Parish of Saint Ann Black Fryers London Clockmaker to learn his said [...] and Business and to serve his said Master in the manner of an Apprentice for the Term and space of Seven Years from the date of the said Indre And the Said Robert Finch in Consideration of the Sume of twelve Guineas to him in hand paid by your Petrs. Father was to touch and instruct your Petr, in the said Act and Business of a Clockmaker and to find and provide for your Petr. all necessarys (Apprehend Washing & excepted) as by the said Indre relation being thereunto had may were fully and at large appear.

That your. Petr. hath duly and faith fully served his said Master but your Petrs. Master two negligence and following his pleasures hath lately lost his Business and thereby disabled from providing necessarys for your Petrs. so that your Petrs. had he [...] not recourse to his Parents in unsthave been in great want and your Petrs, said Master having deserted his late Habitation and doth still continue to warder abroad in places unknown to your Peter Friends neglecting his Business not regarding your Peter instructing him in the said Business so that your. Petrs. hath no possibility if learning the said Business from his Master or being property taken are of us an Apprentice

That your Petrs. said Master was no mean as to borrow 14s. of your Petrs. Pocket Money and have paid no more than 4s. thereof

Your. Petrs. therefore humbly Prayes this Count will take the Premes into Consideration and order your Petrs, discharge or turned over to another Master and that the said Robert Finch may return the Twelve Guineas Consideration Money reced with your Petr.

And in duly bound your Petr. will ever Pray

Thomas Hines

