To the Right Honble: and Worspll her Maties Justices of the Peace For the City of London

The humble Peticon and Appeale of ye. Churchwardens and Overseers of ye poor of ye that part of the Parish of St: Giles wthout. Cripplegate which to their the County of Middx

Sheweth That on the Twenty Third day of August Last past, one Alice Pocock widow then, Late wife of Mathew Pocock Lond was by Warrant under ye Hands & Seales of Sr. Salathell Lovell Kt: Recorder and one of the Maties Justices of ye peace from the sd City of London and Sr: Thomas Stampe Kt. another of the Maties Justices of peace for ye sd City (Quor unus) Staringe daley ye. Twenty Ninth day of May Last part removed and Past from thats parts of ye sd Parish of St. Giles wth.out Cripplegate which is in ye Freedom of ye Sd. City of London to That part of ye Sd Parish within is in ye Sd. County of Middx; therein alleadgeringe that sd so that Pcock was Luke Leath Setles threre, and that he Served his apprenticeship wth: one Mr: Petition thereof

That your Petitoners thinke themselves agrevied wch ye Judgimt. of ye Sd. Two Justice of peace and humbly appeals against ye Sd. Warrant For that your placence can make it places by appeare To this Honble: County that the Said Mathew Pocock and his Sd. wife have been Inhitants and house Keepers in that part of ye sd parish which is in ye Freedome of ye Sd. City For ye. peace of Nine Yeares Last past and there the paid to all and evey ye Rates or taxes made for reimbursing and payings all every yee Scaveingers for cleanseings ye Streete & dureings ye whole time of ye Sd Nine Yeare: Which. Your Perininoers Humbly Comsives maks a Good Setlemt.

Your Adventure therefore humbly pray your worpp with be pleaded to grante an Order; that ye Churchwardens and Overseers of ye Poor: Sd. of that Part of yr Parish of St. Giles which Cripplegate which is wthin ye Freedome of ye Sd. City May attend this Honble Court this Sessions to heare and a Vide ye Judgmt. and determinacon of the Sd Court touchings said Appeal.

And your Petioners Shall ever pray Etc

John Warmore John Collins {Church wardens}

