To the Right Honble Stephen Theodore Janssen Esqr. Lord Mayor of the City of London and others His Majesty's Justices of the peace for the same City in the General Quarter Session of the peace for the same a City assembled.

The humble Petition of the several Master Taylors of the City of London whose Names are hereunto subscribed on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Master Taylors of the same City.

Most humbly Sheweth That by the Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of His present Majestys Reign intituled And Act for Regulating the Journey men Taylors within the Weekly Bills of Mortality It was enacted that the Hours of Work for all Journeymen Taylors Servants and Appren- tice to Taylors within the Cities of London and Westminster and the Weekly Bills of Mortality should be from six of the Clock in the Morning until eight of the Clock at Night; excepting only that there should be allowed by the Master one penny half penny a Day for Breakfast and one Hour for Dinner in the time aforesaid; and that for the said time or Hours of Work aforesaid there should be paid unto every Journeyman Taylor for his Work during the Hours aforesaid the Wages and [...] ins following that is to say from the five and Twentieth Day of March to the four and Twentieth Day of June any Sum not exceeding two Shillings per Diem; and for the Rest of the Year one Shilling and eight Pence per Diem.

That before the passing of that law the usual Hours of Work for the Journeymen Taylors were greater and their Wages less; but several Combinatione having arose from time to time [...] gst the Journey men as appears by the Preamble of that Statute, to raise their Wages and lessen their Hours of Work, the plain Intent of that law was to prevent those Disputes for the future.

But such Statute having given the Justices of the peace at their General Quarter Sessions, in their respective Jurisdictions within the aforesaid Limits, power and Authority, upon Sp [...] Occasions, to make such Alterations in the Hours of Work and Wages as they should think fit, The Justices of the peace for the City of London were pleased at their

General Quarter Session holden for the same City by Adjournment on Friday the 25th. Day of October 1751, upon the Application of the Journey men Taylors, to raise their Wages from Two Shillings to Two Shillings and six Pence P Diem for the Spring Quarter, and from one Shilling and eight Pence to two Shillings for the Remainder of the year (over and above the three half Pence allowed for their Breakfast) and to lessen their Hours of Work by appointing it from six in the Morning till Seven in the Evening only.

That such Order containning in force only for one Year The Justice of the Peace for the same City were afterwards pleased at the General Quarter Session holden for the same City by Adjournment, on Friday the second Day of February 1753, upon the like Application of the Journeymen Taylors, to make the like Alleration in the Premisses, both as to the Hours of Work and Wages, and to appoint that the same should so continue untill further Order to the Contrary.

But at the time of making such Order the Court were pleased to declare that the Continuance of it should extirely depend upon the Conform [...] of the Journeymen, and that if they should abuse the Indulgence thereby shewn them, that they would then made such Alteration in the Premes as the Nature of the Case should require.

That Your Petitioners on their Parts with the greatest Chearfulness submitted to the Order, in Hopes it might have proved the Means of putting an End to all Disputes in this City between them and their Journeymen.

That this Order was also observed by the Journeymen till the 24th. Day of June last, at which time the Journeymen entred into a Combina- tion, and have ever since refused to work for the Wages prescribed by the Order.

That such proceedings in the Journey men is of the last Inconvenient to the Publick, as well as Your Petitioners, and it is with the utmost Reluctance Your Petitioners now trouble this Honourable Court with their Complaint

But Your petitioners from Experience are fully convinced that the Indulgence which has been shower the Journeyman has been abused

and attended with the following unhappy consequences; first, it has been the Occasion of this Instance of their Obstinacy, and, secondly, the Journey men's misemploying the Hour which is taken off their Evening's Work has frequently disabled them from returning the next Morning to their Work, and has brought upon the Trade many Mischiefs never experienced before.

That Your Petitioners, with humble Deference to this Honble Court, are assured that Nothing will bring the [...] Journeymen Taylors to a Sence of their Duty, but the Increase of the Hours of Work to the time appointed by the Statute

Your petitioners most humbly pray this Honble Court to take the premisses into their Consideration, to repeal the aforesaid Order, as for as relates to the Hours of Work, to encrease the same to the time prescribed by the Statute, and to give them such further Relief in the promisses as to this Honble Court shall appear equitable and just and the Nature of their Case require

Danll Harrison James Capstack Josa: Margacy John Andrews Mor. Doron

Willm Pearson Shil: Shippey Fenry Reesonbeck Jno Fred [...] Kamla James. Kendall [...] er Noone Isaae Doghead Geo: Nail Willm: Bateman John Weaver Richd. Elmer

