To The Right Honourable The Lord M [...] Majestys Justices of the peace for the Citty of London at the [...] assembled

The Peticon of the Journeymen Clothworkers Freemen of the Citty of London

Humbly Sheweth That your Petitioners haveing been Severaly Imployed by George Davis Senr. George Davis Junr. Benjamin Wilkinson Thomas Hannam Daniel Holborough Benjn. Barnes Joseph Taverior John Yerbury William Cooper William Farrer and others (Master Clothworkers of the said Citty of London) as Journeymen Clothworkers in the most Laborious Branch of the Woollen Manufacture for a Considerable time past, and for Wages so Inconsiderable do renders them unable to support themselves and Familys Insomuch [...] that they will soon be reduced to beggary unless timely assisted

Your Petitonrs. therefore humbly pray your Lord Ships and Worships will be pleased to take their case into Consideration and Enforce the Severall Statutes made for settling the Wages of Labourers and artifficers that thereby the said Masters may be Concelled to give them a reasonable allowance for their worke or to give them such releife as to this Court Shall seem just

And yor Peticonrs. Shall ever pray Etc

Thomas Grangrass Thomas Kebble his mark [x] Samuell Jones John Havbert Robert Bigg Abs Davis Tho Sabior John Patterson Thomas Onions [...]

[...] mes Broughton William Mitheyer William Wadham John Moore Welleam Eton John Care Anthony Adams William Tuckey

in the most Laborious Branch of the Woollen Manufacture for a Considerable time past and for Wages so Inconsiderable as renders them unable to Support themselves and Familys Insomuch [...] that they will soon be reduced to beggary unless timely assisted

Your Peticonrs. therefore humbly pray your Lordship and Worships will be pleased to take their case into Consideration and Enforce the Severall Statutes made for settling the Wages of Labourers and artifficers that thereby the said masters may be concelled to give them a reasonable allowance for their worke or to give them such releife as to this Court shall seem just

And yor. Peticonrs. Shall ever pray Etc

Thomas Grange ass Thomas Kebble his mark [x] Samuell Jones John Hurbert Robert Bigg Abs Davis Tho Sabin John Patterson Thomas Onions George Pomell Richd Jones Christopher Rhodes Roger Bell Thomas Hodgson Benjamin Varny Osmond Jones Francis Wattson Richard Platt Lodwick Loyd John Tomson Joseph Straton Andrew hall John Arnold Richad Shepard

[...] Broughton William Mitkeyer William Wadham John Moore Welleam Eton John Care Anthony Adams William Tuckey William Roberts John Richardson [...] Thomas Simons John Hodges Thos: Barret Samll: Wolrich Christor: Powell Tho. Liveing Wm. Deale John Holmes Wm. Gardiner John Oliver

