To the Rt: Honble: her Majties: Justices of ye Peace for ye City of London

The humble petiton & appeale of ye Overseers of ye poor of ye Liberty of Norton Follgate in ye County of Middlesex

Sheweth That by a Warrant or Order under ye hands & seales of Two of her Maties: Justices of ye Peace for ye Sd. Citty of London (Quor unus) bearinge date ye Ninth day of May 1710; Dorothy Capell widow of William Capell her late Husband deced wth her Two Children by her sd Late husband (to writt). Elizabeth Capell aged about eight yeares & William Capell aged about Four yeares & alsoe is big wth. child & of a Bastard Child or Children were removd from ye Parish of St: Buttolph wch: out Bishoppsgate in ye Sd. City of London to ye Liberty of Norton Follgate aforesd. in ye County of Mids aforesd therein settings forth upon ye Oath of James Nash Glover that ye sd William Capell deced did in his Life time Servant Two Last yeared of his Apprenticeship in ye sd. Libty of Norton Follgate wth. one Francis Johnson Taylor wch. is about Eleven yeares agoe, & it not appeareing that either he ye sd William Capell deced in this Life time or she ye Sd. Dorothy Capell hath obtaine any other Legall Setlemt. Single.

Your Petitoners findingd themselves agreived wth. ye. Judgemt. of ye Sd. Two Justices of ye Peace humbly appeale to this Honable: Court against ye aforesd Warrt. or Order them humbly Conceiveinge that ye Sd William Capell decd never was a Legall Apprentice in ye Sd. Libty of Norton Follgate & that wither the Sd Wm. Capell decd. Nor his Sd Late wife Dorothy ever had any legall Setlemt there Your Petitioners therefore humbly prays your Worppl will be pleased to grant an Order that ye Churchwardens & Overseers of ye poor of ye Sd. PArish of St. Buttolph Without Bishopsgate may attend this Honable: Court this Present Genell Quarter Sessiosn of ye Peace to heare & abide ye Judgmt. & finiall determinacon of this Court touching this appeale

And your Petitionrs: Shall ever pray Etc

Overseers of ye Poor}

