To the Right Honourable Sr. William Stewart Knt. Lord Mayor of the City of London and to the Rest of his Majestys Justices of the Peace at their Generall Quarter Sessions Assembled.

The Humble Petition of George Fosesck William Spinnage Thomas Emerton and Francis Nichols.

Sheweth That Sr. Edward Becher Knt. Alderman of the Ward of Bishopsgate in the said City by a Warrant dated the fifteenth day of Aprill 1721 Appointed your Petitioners (together with the Churchwardens of the parish of St. Botolph Bishopsgate in the said City and Ward) Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Year then ensueing and in Pursuance thereof your Petitioners and the said Churchwardens on the twenty ninth day of the same Month made and signed a Rate for the Releife of the Poor of the said Parish according to the Statute in that case made and provided and the said Sr. Edward Becher being applyed to for his Confirmation thereof did on the ninth day of May following confirm the same with a Restriction for collecting the money Quarterly.

That your Petitioners were willing to have collected the said Rate by quarterly parts at the beginning of each respective Quarter which they apprehended was the intention of the said Restriction and would have enabled them to have relieved the Poor from time to time as Occasion required But severall Parishioners and particularly the Comon Councill Men and pretended select Vestry Men of the said Parish meerly with an Intent to give Your Petitioners Trouble and Expence in the Execution of their said office And to oblige them of Necessity to advance their own Money for the Reliefe of the Poor gave out that the said Rate was become a quarterly Rate payable on the four quarter Days, And under that pretence they and many others by their perswasion refused to pay any part thereof till the determination of each Quarter respectively And thereby disabled your Petitioners from raiseing Money sufficient for reliefe of the Poor as fast as it was wanted without a warrant for levying it by Distress whereupon your petitioners applyed severall times to the said Sr. Edward Becher for such warrant but could not prevail upon him to grant any, Otherwise than for each quarter part of the said Rate after the expiration of each quarter respectively

That your Petitioners being advised by their Council That the said Restriction was void and not warranted by the said Art of Parliament whereon the said Rate was founded and that therefore the said Confirmation was absolute and Seperate Distresses could not be legally made at seperate Times and for severall parts of each or any persons. proportion of the said Rate the whole [...] charged on each person being and entire sume and not severable and the Necessitys of the Poor of the said Parish requireing imediate Reliefe Your Petitioners in Michas Term 1721 were under an absolute Necessity to Move, and by their Councill did move his Matys Court of Kings Bench for a Mandanus to be directed to the said Sr. Edward Becher requireing him to grant your Petitioners a Distress warrant on the said Rate And accordingly after severall Motions in Michas and Hillary Terms 1721 the said Court granted a Mandamus for a distress warrant for levying the whole Money remaining unpaid of the Money Assessed in the said Rate on each person respectively and a Mandamus was accordingly made out and delivered to the said Sr. Edward Becher who thereupon granted your petitioners such Distress Warrant as thereby requires.

That when your Petitioners year as Overseers expired and New Overseers were made and appointed [...] Edward Becher of the moneys by them paid and received and

Councill Men and pretended select Vestry Men of the said parish meerly with an Intent to give Your petitioners Trouble and Expence in the Execution of their said office And to oblige them of Necessity to advance their own Money for the Reliefe of the Poor gave out that the said Rate was become a quarterly Rate payable on the four quarter Days, and under that pretence they and many others by their perswasion refused to pay any part thereof till the determination of each Quarter respectively And thereby disabled Your Petitioners from raiseing Money sufficient for reliefe of the Poor as fast as if was wanted without a warrant for levying it by Distress whereupon Your petitioners applyed severall times to the said Sr. Edward Becher for such warrant but could not prevail upon him to grant any, Otherwise than for each quarter part of the said Rate after the expiration of each quarter respectively.

That your petitioners being advised by their Council That the said Restriction was void and not warranted by the said Act of Parliament whereon the said Rate was founded and that therefore the said Confirmation was absolute and Seperate Distresses could not be legally made at seperate Times and for severall parts of each or any persons proportion of the said Rate the whole sume charged on each person being one entire Sume and not severable and the Necessitys of the Poor of the said Parish requireing imediate Reliefe your Petitioners in Michas Term 1721 were under an absolute necessity to move, And by their Councill did move his Maty's Court of Kings Bench for a Mandamus to be directed to the said Sr. Edward Becher requireing him to grant your Petitioners a Distress warrant on the said Rate And accordingly after severall Motions in Michas and Hillary Terms 1721 the said Court granted a Mandamus for a distress warrant for levying the whole Money remaining unpaid of the Money Assessed in the said Rate on each person respectively and a Mandamus was accordingly made out and delivered to the said Sr. Edward Becher who thereupon granted your petitioners such Distress Warrant as thereby required.

That when your petitioners year as Overseers expired and New Overseers were made and appointed your Petitioners rendered an Account to the Sr. Edward Becher of the moneys by them paid and received and particularly of the Charges of obtaining the said Mandamus and distress warrant amounting to the sume of £34:3s:0d And thereupon there appeared to be in their hands the Sume of £7:5s:2d. of the Moneys of the said Parish which they were willing and offered to pay to the New Overseers according to the direction of the said Statute.

That on Your Petitioners rendring the said Amount the said Sr. Edward Becher refused to allow them therein the said Charges or any part thereof and thereupon by an Order under his Hand to them directed bearing date the 18th. day of July now last past they were required to pay unto George Franckling William Ferrett John Preston John Knighton Henry Cartwright & Thomas Hughes therein called Churchwardens & Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish or to one of them the Sume of £41:8s:2d therein alledged to be remaining in Yr. Petitioners hands of the moneys of the said Parish by them reced as Overseers of the Poor over & above what they had fairly and legally expended & disbursed in the Execution of their said Office whereas in tenth your Petitioners had not any more in their Hands of such Money's than the sd. Sume £7:8s:2d which they have tendred to the said George Franckling John Preston and John Knighton.

Wherefore & forasmuch at the sd. Sume of £34:3s:0d so refused to be allowed to Yr. Petrs. in their sd. Account was by them necessarily expended in the execution of their said Office Yor. Petitioners do humbly appeal from the said Order to Your Lordshire & Worships And humbly pray that Yor. Worships would Quash & make void the same or take such Order therein as to Yor. Worships shall be thought convenient according to the form of the said Statute.

And Yor. Petitioners shall over pray Etc

