To the Right Honourable Sr. William Billers Knight Lord Mayor of the City of London and he rest of his Majesties Justices of the peace of the Said City in their Genrall Quarter Sessions of the Peace Assembled

The Petition and Appeal of Roger Pemberton and James Furness

Humbly Sheweth That your Petitioner Roger Pemberton hath Occupyed the business of a Stable keeper in the parish of St. Catherine Soleman Said on upwards of twenty yeares whereby he requires and hath a large spott of Ground in the Said parish that the rents att £20 a year part of which hath been for the said time Occupyed used and lett as a Taphouse but never considered in the parish rates otherwise them as the prmisses of the said Roger Pemberton and when ever he lett the same what rent he Advanced thereon was alway's increased by the said Roger Pembertons paying the taxes and Indempnifying Such Tapster from the Said parish rates,

That till of late Yeares your Petitioner Pomberton hath been moderately rated The prmisses he now Enjoy's never Exceeding the Sume of three pounds a year which at 1s per pound is att the rent of £60 a year & is the same he is ratted and pays to the Land Tax.

That in the yeares 1725: 26: 27: 28: & 29 your Said Petitioner Pemberton paid for the Whose prmisses 400s year and one Mr. Fuller was rated at £3:8s a year but every year since you said petitioner hath been raised in the Said rates and Still the Said Mr. Fuller (who is a Gentleman of very, Great worth and deales for above £20000 a year) is continued at £3:8s a Year which greivance your Petitioner hath Complained of to this Court for these two years last past and hath had releife and perticularly the last time it was thought that the Offer of your sd. petitioner Pemberton conseating himselfe to be raised at £60 be a Year was rather more that his Abilitys (in proporcon So other parishioners) woud allow of, and the then Churchwardens by the recommend acon of this Court Complyed with such Offer and reced the money from which your said Petitioner Pemberton well heped he should not have had any further trouble.

That notwithstanding the Extraordinary Charge and Expence he hath been att and instead of being quieted in his rates the prsent Churchwardens hath again increased your Petitioner Tembertons rate to £120 a year for they have rated him at £90 a year and his Tapster your petitioner Furness at £30 a year and this being a pound rate at 1s. in the pound your petitioner Pemberton instead of being rated a £43 this Year as he Expected he is advanced at 6s a year and yett Mr: Fuller Mr. Boddicoate £11 Dupare Mr. Isaace Mr. Breholt Mr. Love Mr. Maud Mr. Norsett Mr. King and Mr. Parish are Gentlemen of much greater worth by thousands. than your Petitioners and most of them who keep their Coaches Continued at the same rates then formerly were none paying above 60s a year to the said rates Except Mr Fuller who pays 68s a Year and whats is more Oppressive your said petitioner Pemberton is threatened by the prsent Officers that Nuless he Comply with the said rate they will give him the trouble and Expence of appealing every Year al thos' this Court should be of Opinion to releive him in the said rate or words to that Effect

That as the sd. primes were in all former rates never constaned to Extend to more than what was in possession of your said Petitioner Pemberton Exclusive of his Tapster he humbly hopes the Contrivance of putting in his Tapsters name James Furness shall not be made an Aditionall Charge on the prmisses being the Consideration he receives for his Said Tapp is Advanced on accounts of your said Petioner Pemberton paying the rates as aforesaid.

Wherefore your Petitioners humbly think themselves aggreived and do appeale to the sd. rate and assessments made by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the poor of the said parish of St. Catherine Coleman. London for this prsent year to your Lordshipp and Worshipps In as much as the same is an Unequall rate as before sett forth and not made according to Law And humbly pray they may be heard in the prmisses And that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the poor of the parish of Saith Catherine Coleman May Appeal to hear and abide by the Judgement and determinacon of your Lordship and Worships touching the sd. appeale

And your Petitioners as in Duty bound shall ever pray Etc

Roger Pemberton James Furnese

