To the right honble. Humphry Parsons Esqr. Lord Mayor of the City of London and the worshipfull the Aldermen the Justices of the peace for the said City at the General Quarter Sessions assembled.

The humble Petition of Richard Lechmere John Lateward & Thos. Dinely of London Wharfingers on behalf of themselves and the rest of the wharfingers farmers of Brewer's key Chester's Key Gally Key Woollkey and Custome house key in the parish of Alhallows Barking London

Sheweth That yor. Petrs. and Partners and their Predecessors have for upward of forty years last past occupy'd and held the several wharfs and warehouses comonly called Brewers key Chester's Key Gally Key Wool key and Custome house key and the Warehouses Comonly called Globe yard in the said Parish of Alhallows Barking and were for the former part of those years rated at about a Tenth part in proportion to the whole of the parish rate & after for sevll. years were raised to a Ninth part & for the year 1726. were raised to an Eighth part or thereabouts

That part of the premisses for wch your Petrs. were so rated were taken from yor. Petrs. & added to the Custome house for wch the parish have rated the Comissioners Seperately from yor. Petrs. and from that time to the year 1729. your Petrs. were rated a ninth part of the whole rate

That altho' many Improovements have been made in the said parish by divers new and Additional buildings whereby your Petrs. night have hoped to have been eased in their rate yet they continued contentedly to pay the said Ninth part.

But in the year 1729. The then Churchwardens and Overseers of the said parish raised yor. Petitioners proportion to between a fifth and Sixth part of the whole rate and Altho' there are other warehouses in the said parish particularly Devon's Mr. Hanbury's Plow yard, Screvous & Stert's warehouse they have not raised them or any other of the Inhabitants in proporcon to yor. Petrs. or even at all but laid almost the whole of the Additional rate on your Petrs. only

That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the poor of the said parish for this present year 1731. have made an Assessment for the said year and To oppress yor Petrs. have rated them higher than even for the years 1729 and 1730.

And for as much as your Petrs. are aggriev'd by the said rate and that the same as your Petrs. are advised is Illegal.

Yor. Petrs. humbly pray that the said rate may be quashed or that Such order may be made therein as to this Honble. Court Shall seem meet.

And your Petrs. shall ever pray

