To the Right Honble Sr Francis Child Knight Lord Mayor of the City of London and the Worpfll the Aldermen and Justices of the said City at the General Quarter Sessions for the said City held this Ninth day of October 1732

The Humble Peticon of Thomas Dinely Richard Lechmere and Jon Lateward of London Wharfingers on behalf of themselves & the rest of the wharfs Farmers of Brewers Key Chesters Key Galley Key Wooll Key Custome house Key and Globe Yard in the Parish of Alhallows Barkin London

Shewth. That yr Petrs. being Agrieved by the Rate made by the Church Wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Alhallows Barkin for the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and thirty One in respect of the said Keys and Ware houses before menconed Exhibited their Peticon and Appeal to the Right Honble the Late Lord Mayor and the Aldrmen and Justices of the said City assembled at their Quarter Sessions held for the said City

That the said Appeal coming on to be heard on the 17th. Day of April Last the Court thought Your Petrs. and Especially Your Petr Dinely and partners Agrieved thereby with Regard to Brewers Key And by an Order made the said 17th day of April Last relieved yor. Petrs. Dinely and partners in regard to Brewers Key and Declared that the Wharfingers of the other Keys Should be relieved from the said Rate and Should be rated According to their Annual Profits only clear of all outgoings and Deduccons which Your Petrs. Should make appear at the next Quarter Sessions And that the Rate as to the Other Parishioners Should be Confirmed And by another Order made the 23d day of May last It was Ordered That all preceedings touching the said Rate Should be Stayed till the then next Quarter Sessions And that Your Petrs. Should then given an Accot. of their Annual Profitts Clear of All Outgoings as by the said Several Orders will more at Large Appear

That

That it Appeared on hearing the said Appeal That that the said Church Wardens and Overseers had rated Your Petrs. Dinely and Partners in Respect of Brewers Key not only in Respect of their profits but also for the Rent they paid for the said Key Vizt £400 P Ann the Rent and 206 P Ann the Profitts

That the sd Church Wardens and Overseers have Since the Hearing the said Appeal and as yt Petrs. apprehend without any reasonable Occasion made a new Assessment or over rate [---] for three Months and have over rated and Assessed Yr Petrs. in the same Manner and proporcons as they had done in their former Rate

That yr Petrs. being Agrieved thereby did preferr a Peticon & Appeal to the Last Quarter Sessions complaining of their being agrieved by the said Over rate and that the same was unequal unnecessary and illegal

The said Peticon coming on to be heard the 3d day of July Last It was Ordered that the further hearing of the said Appeal Should be adjourned till this Prsent Quarter Sessions and that yr Petrs should pay the said Church Wardens and Overseers of the said Parish the sume of £42 which payment Should be without any Manner of prejudice to the Matters in Controversy which yr Petrs. have Since paid Accordingly

That notwithstanding the said Order of the 17th. of Aprill last the present Church Wardens for this Year on the 5th. day of May last made an Assessmt. for the Year 1732 after the same Rate and proporcons as they Did for the Year 1731 and Demanded the same of Your Petr. the 15th of July following

That yr Petrs. apprhend themselves very much Agrieved and Oppressed thereby and by being put to such Great and unnecessary Expences in prosecuteing their said Appeals

And for as much as they Apprehend he said Rate to be Unequall & illegall

Yr. Petr. therefore Appeal there from and pray the Relief of this Honble Court in the premisses and Such Order to be made therein as to this Court Shall Seam Meet

And Yr Petrs. Shall pray Etc.

