To the Right Honorable Richard Clark Lord Mayor [...] City of London and others his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City as at their General Quarter Session of the Peace next after Michaelmas, at the Guildhall

The Humble Petition of the several Freemen of the said City Parish [...] the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate in the Ward of Portsoken in the said City whose [...] Subscribed.

Humbly Sheweth That many Persons daily frequent the Streets and other Places in the said City and the Liberties thereof hawkins Cloaths and various other Articles to the very great and material Injury of the Tradesmen and Shopkeepers within the said City (and amongst who pay large Rents and Taxes for their Houses and Premises wherein they exercise and carry on their respective Trades and Businesses and [...] of the said City to entitle them to carry on their said Trades and Businesses in the said City and often assemble in great Numbers in a turned the free Passage of the Streets and Avenues to the great Annoyance of the Publick in General and Particulary of the Inhabitants of such Parish [...] assemble and to such an Heighth is the said Evil or Grievance of late grown that unless the same be speedily remedied many of your Petitioner carrying on their respective Trades and Businesses where they at present do and for considerable time past have exercised and carried on to quit their present Houses and Habitations and retire out of the City

That by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign Intituled An Act [...] "additionall Duties on Hawkers Pedlars and Petty Chapmen and for requlating their Trade"It is (amongst after Things) Enacted"that it any such "Chapman or other Trading Person so travelling as aforesaid shall from and after the said first day of August One thousand seven hundred and eighty five "without or contrary or otherwise than shall be allowed by such Licence" to be granted by virtue of the said Act" such Person shall for each and every "of Ten Pounds to be recovered and applied as thereafter mentioned" And by the said Act It is provided and enacted" That it shall not be lawfull "Petty Chapman or other trading Person travelling as aforesaid to vend his or her Goods or Wares in any Country or City being a Country of itself or Town being [...] "England or Walls by virtue of any such Licence to be granted by virtue of the said Act as aforesaid in Case the Justices assembled at the General [...] "Peace shall have made an Order that Hawkins Pedlars Petty Chapmen and other Trading Persons as aforesaid shall not have Liberty to ven [...] "in such County City or Town upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds And that no such Order shall at any time be [...] "Quarter Sessions next after Michaelmas to be holden for such County City or Town and not be in force till nine Months after Notice shall have be "some Publick Newspaper Published or circulated in such County City or Town respectively" And by the said Act it is also provided an [...] if any Hawker Pedlar or Petty Chapman or any trading Person shall vend any Goods Wares or Merchandises in any such County City To "of the Provisions in this Act contained such Hawker Pedlar or Petty Chapman or other Trading Person shall be subject and liable to [...] "this Act inflicted on Hawkers Pedlars or Petty Chapmen or other nading Persons travelling without Licences

That your Petitioners are ready to prove the several Allegations in this their Petition shall think proper for them so to do And the City of London being a County of itself

Your Petitioners therefore most humbly pray that this Honorable Beaman Quarter Sessions of the Peace being next after Michaelmas to make an Order that the [...] and other Trading Persons aforesaid shall not have Liberty to send their Goods and London or the Liberties thereof under the like Penalties inflicted by the said Acton Hawkings or other trading Persons travelling without Licence And [---] Also order Non [...] of such Order as may be made in the Premises in some publick Newspaper Publick said City or that this Honorable Bench will be [...]

To the Right Honorable Richard Clark Lord Mayor of the City of London and others his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City and the Liberties thereof at their General Quarter Session of the Peace next after Michaelmas, at the Guildhall of the City aforesaid Assembled

The Humble Petition of the several Freemen of the said City Parishioners and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate in the Ward of Portsoken in the said City whose Names are hereunto Subscribed.

Sheweth That many Persons daily frequent the Streets and other Places in the said City and the Liberties thereof having deprived upon all [...] ons other Articles to the very great and Material Injury of the Tradesmen and Shopkeepers within the said City (and amongst others, of your Petitioners Rents and Taxes for their Houses and Premises wherein they exercise and carry on their respective Trades and Businesses and are obliged to be Freemen to entitle them to carry on their said Trades and Businesses in the said City and often assemble in great Numbers in a tumultnous Manner so as to obstenet [...] of the Streets and Avenues to the great Annoyance of the Publick in General and Particulars of the Inhabitants of such Parts where they most usually to such an Heighth is the said Evil or Grievance of late grown that unless the same be speedily remedied many of your Petitioners will be prevented from [...] respective Trades and Businesses where they at present do and for considerable time past have exercised and carried on the same and will be obliged sent Houses and Habitations and retire out of the City

That by an Act of Parliament made and Passed in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty's Reign Intituled" An Act for granting to his Majesty's [...] on Hawkers Pedlars and Petty Chapmen and for requlating their Trade It is (amongst other Things) Enacted " that if any such Hawker Pedlar or Petty [...] or Trading Person so travelling as aforesaid shall from and after the said first day of August One thousand seven hundred eighty five be found trading as aforesaid [...] any or otherwise than shall be allowed by such Licence" to be granted by virtue of the said Act" such Person shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum [...] to be recovered and applied as there after mentioned" And by the said Act It is provided and enacted" That it shall not be lawful for any Hawker Pedler [...] or other trading Person travelling as aforesaid to vend his or her Goods or Wares in any County of itself or Town being a County of itself in [...] es by virtue of any such Licence to be granted by virtue of the said Act as aforesaid in Case the Justices assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the [...] made an Order that Hawkers Pedlars Petty Chapmen and other Trading Persons as aforesaid shall not have Liberty to vend their Goods and Wares [...] by City or Town upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds And that no such Order shall any time be made except at the [...] as next after Michaelmas to be holden for such County City or Town and not be in force till nine Months after Notice shall have been given of the same in Newspaper Published or eviculated in such County City or Town respectively" And by the said Act it is also Provided and further Enacted That Pedler or Petty Chapman or any trading Person shall vend any Goods Wares or Merchandizes in any such County City Town or Place contrary to any is in this Act contained such Hawker Pedlar or Petty Chapman or other Trading Person shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties as is by [...] ted on Hawkers Pedlars or Petty Chapmen or other trading Persons travelling without Licence

That your Petitioners are ready to prove the several Allegations in this their Petition if this Honorable Bench shall think proper for them so to do And the City of London being a Country of itself

Your Petitioners therefore most humbly pray that this Honorable Bench will be pleased at this present Quarter Sessions of the Peat being next after Michaelmas to make an Order that Hawkers Pedlars Petty Chapmen and other Trading Persons aforesaid shall not have Liberty to vend their Goods and Wares in the said City of London or the Liberties thereof under the like Penalties inflicted by the said Act on Hawkers Pedlars and Petty Chapmen or other trading Persons travelling without Licence And [---] Also to order Notice forthwith to be given of of such Order as may be made in the Premises in some Publick Newspaper Published or eviculated in the [...]

Your Petitioners therefore most humbly pray that this Honorable Bench will be pleased at this present Quarter Sessions of the Peace being next after Michaelmas to make an Order that Hawkers Pedlars Petty Chapmen and other Trading Persons as aforesaid shall not have Liberty to vend their Goods and Wares in the said City of London or the Liberties thereof under the like Penalties inflicted by the said Act on Hawkers Pedlars and Petty Chapman or other trading Persons travelling without Licence And [---] Also to order Notice forthwith to be given of of such Order as may be made in the Premises in some Publick Newspaper published or eviculated in the said City Or that this Honorable Bench will be pleased to make such further or other Order for the Relief of your Petitioners as to this Honorable Bench shall seem meet

And your Petitioners shall ever pray Etc

Phi: Morgan Edwd Gibbs John Bemey Willm: Baker John Chamberlain John White John Trelawney Sam Dulton er I Nash Geo Burton Stept Ponder James Lane Richd Parrish [...]

David Steel William Pryer William Rashdall St. John Barry Peter Elstie Saml Johnson John Dyer John Bridge Dftuel Junr. Deodants Dean Robt Barnett Jas Turnbull Wm Nicholson Per Colebatch

Geo Haigh Edw Parry W: Brounger Thos Reynolds Willm Cordell Wm Layton James Barrett Willm Rogers Wm: Coles John Davis Geo Burchall John Smith Joseph Burton B Leachef

