To the Rt Honble. Sr John Ward Knt: Lord Mayor of the Citty of London and alsoe to the Rt. Worshipfull the rest of his Maties Justices of the Peace for the said Citty in their Generall Quarter Sessions Assembled.

The humble Peticon of Francis Stevens.

Sheweth That in the Month of March last your Petr: was bound over at the Complaint of the Church wardens and Overseers of the poore of the Parish of Allhallows Staining London for begetting Elizabeth Pocock Singlewoman with Chite of a Male Bastard Child born in the Said Parish and become Chargeable thereto That at the Generall Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the Said Citty on the 6th: day of Aprill last Youear Petr did Appeare to Answere the Said Compet. According to the Condition of his Recoqnizance And upon Mocon made by Councill Your Peter was Ordered to Continue bound till the next Sessions So that in the mean time the Churchwardens and Overseers of the poore of the said Parish might Obtain an Order of two Justices Adjudging Your Petr: to be the Father of the Said Bastard Child And it was likewise Ordered by this Court that if Such Order was not Obtained Your Petr. Should be discharged Whereupon at the following Sessions of the peace held on the 12th: Day of May last Your Petr, did Appear and was Informed by the Churchwardens of the Said Parish that they had Obtained an Order of two Justices and promised the Peter to Serve him with a Copy thereof if Your Petr. would Consent to Continue bound till this present Sessions upon which Your Petr. doth Still continue bound as Aforesaid.

But now See it is may it please Your Honr. and Worpps That Your Peticoner hath often requested the said Churchwardens to Serve him with a Copy of the Order he being Ignorant of ye Contents thereof but they now refuse Soe to doe whereby Your Peticoner is Carr'd the benefitt of his Appeal to Your Hone & Worpps therefrom.

Your Peticoner therefore most humbly prays Your Honr. and Worpps will Order Your Peticoner to be discharged of his Recognizance or that the Churchwardens of the Said Parish may Serve him with a Copy of the Order as in Such Cases is usuall whereby he may Save to himselfe the benefitt of Appeal if he conceives himself Aggreived thereby.

