To the Rb. Honorable the Lord a Mayor, of London, the Judges, Recorder and Aldermen Etc.

The humble Petition of the Poor unhappy Prisoners for Debt on the Common side of Newgate

Sheweth and Complaineth of their following Grievances.

1 That whereas severall good and Charitable Christians have (out of a tender regard to unfortunate Traders that by great losses are become Prisoners for Debt and confined in Newgate considering their miserable lase and to prevent their starveing in a Christian County) bequeathed many benefits and Legacy to be paid Yearly, And whereas the Laws of the Land of the Citty of London in order to same the same to the Prisoners for Debt in Newgate (according to the intention of the Donors) to prevent their being Charted haveing granted them a Seal [...] the Prison wch was to be Lodged with the Prisoners and and Scal'd to each receipt given for said Legacy's and now [...] sunlly kept by the Crisoners together with Rooks of Accompts in a Strong (Rest for many Years till of late the Goulers combining with some of the Prisoners, forcibly enterd the Prisoners Ward and carried away the said Strong Chest, Seal and Books of Accompts, by which they have and do hinder the poor Prisoners of the greatest part of said Legacy's they not knowing when or where to demand the Same, And in particular a Legacy of Sr. Thomas Grethamsford Ten Pounds P Ann altho the first in his Will has not been received for many Years, Not withstanding it has been paid to all other Prisons mencond in said Will for many Years past, Therefore we humbly beg Justice and relief conform to the Act of 22d. & 2 [...] of King Charles the Second.

2 3 That the Act of Parliament doth likewise ordain that a Take of Fees and just dues, shall be hung up in the most Publick place of each prison, but for want thereof the Goalers have extorted dayly exorbitant Fees contrary to Law and Justice. By the said Act it is provided that all Prisoners in Generall shall have liberty to bring in Victuals bedding & other Necessary's without being hundred, prolong;d or paying for the Same, nevertheless we have Sufferd the contrary there being no proper person or Turnkey's attending constantly the Prison Door as at other prison and when Bedding or other necessarys comes to us, they the Turnkeys exact one Shilling for each parcell, notwith standing they are sometimes detained and hour at the Grate before they an be admitted in and severall Charitable Per [...] le does go pray as well as our friends and relations art kent govering any thing for want of Such admitta [...] ce by which we are great Sufferrers land in a Starring condition The said Act does exp [...] ly forbed the lodo [...] eing of Fellons and honest Dab [...] in one Ra [...]

10 That the Goalers will not suffer any Small Beet to be sold in the Goal, nor do they keep the Prison well supply'd with water in order to oblige Them to drink theer bad Beer in the Cellar which they Sell in Short measure, and by its badness and newness brings on Severall distemners on the Prisoners of wch they frequently dye, They also sell and ordinary bad Liquor call'd Geneva wch they buy for about 18d P Gallow, and by their adulterations and short Measure they retail to us at the rate of Four Shillings P Gallon Therefore we pray that Prisoner in Generall may have liberty to send for their Drink out of Doors and that no Small Beer be refused entrance to us, as the Law directs

11 That when Prisoners have been sick or wounded they would not let Phisitians and Surgeons come in to our relief even on the most extraordinary occasions tho they have waited a long time at the Grate, have been obliged to go away without seeing us. and ever when poor unhappy Women have been in Labour or Child bearing makeing for whole night the most hideous crying for want of a Midwife to assist them, the Neighbours being touched with compassion at their Groans, have sent for a Midwife who has come to the Grace demanding admittance to do her Office, but has been deny'd by that barbarous man Mr Perry wch has caused severall to lose their lives, in particular one as allso her child murdered for want of the Midwife Assistance.

12 That when a woman Felons friends do come to see them to bring them Victuals and necessarys the Goalers do constantly demand and extort from them One Shilling before such liberty to see or speak to them is granted, neither is a Woman Felon admitted up Stairs on any account but is obliged to pay Mr Parry six pence for liberty of comeing into the Stone Hall or Beer Cellar.

13. And whereas the said Mr Parry was quilty and stands now charged and indicted for the barbarous and willfull Murder of Mr William Allen in the Kings Bench Prison and now under prosecution for the same, therefore we most humbly pray that he may not be suffer'd to rule over us Poor unhappy Prisoners, after his inhumane manner [...] that he may be turn'd out from being a Keeper or Turnkey to prevent his committing any more Murders or Mischiefs as allso the persons call'd persons call'd Partners who are generally the greatest of Theives and Felons, and that the Goalers may not be sufferd to employ any one Prisoner to plunder, beat and a bush mother. Therefore we pray that Gralers pray be obliged to keep servants who are not Prisoners, and none else employed.

We pray may be ordred downe to Corte Mrs. Mary Brooman Mrs Goan Colliar Mrs Elis Macome Mr Jno Hendrike Mr Jno Hariss Cap: [...] Jno Mackphedris Gerett Byome Therefore we do most humbly pray for God sake that of Justices and the cryes of so many oppressed men, that you will in Your great Wisdom and Justice redress the severall Articles of our just Complaints and that you will be pleased to order that the Wittnesses whose names are hereunto annexed may be sent for to make good the allegations and grantus your speedy relief for which as in Duty bound we shall ever Pray &c.

