To the Honoble. Sr. William Ashurst Knt. Lord Maior of the City of London and to their Maties. Justices of the Peace wthin. the same City

The humble Peticon of the Churchwardens & Overseers of the Poore of the Pish of St. Buttolph wthout. Bishoppsgate London

Sheweth That the said Parish being large & full of Poore) this Honoble. Courte many yeares since was pleased (according to the forme of the Statute in that Case made & pvided) to order the Parishioners of divers Pishes wthin. the said City to contribute their assistance towards the releife of the said Poore wth. Contribucon amounted to abt. £60 P Annu And was continued till the contributeing Pishes were burnt by the dread full conflagracon in the yeare of our Lord 1666 and then ceased.

That after the rebuilding of the said City (the Rents thereof being greately advanced) the meanes sorte of people whose houses had been burnt were thereby constrained to continue in the said Pish of St. Buttolphs Bishppsgate where they had settled themselves But many wealthy Inhitants of the same Pish (who by the said fire were driven from their habitacons) retired back to their former Places of Abode & greate numbers of Poor have since resorted to the said Pish & there settled themselves in their stead By meanes whereof the rich Inhitants of the said Pish are greatly decreased and the Poore thereof become exceeding numerous.

That this Honoble. Courte takeing into consideracon the Poverty of the said Pish & Pceiveing that the Inhitants thereof were not able to mainteyne their Poore wthout. Assistance Did in the Yeare of or. Lord 1687 Rate & Assesse the Inhitants of divers Pishes wthin. the said Cty to pay to the Churchwardens & Overseers of the Poore of the said Parish of St. Buttolph towards the maintenance of the Poore of the same Pish divers weekely allowances amounting in the Whole to £30. P Annu.

That notwithstanding the said allowances yor. Petrs. (for the better maintenance of the Poore) have been constrained to advance the Rates on the said Inhitants of their said Pish see excessively That divers eminent Pishoners have removed into other Pishes where Smaller Taxes are exacted & more threaten to doe the like soe that the expedients yor. Petr. have hitherto used to mainteyne the Poore have proved ineffectuall

That although greate numbers of the Inhitants of the said Pish are weavers & such as depend on the weaveing & such like mechanicke trades gett many of their till of late have paid towardes the maintenans of the Poore & others have mainteyned themselves & Familyes wthout. being burthen some to the same Pish But How soe itt is May itt Please yor. Lordshipps & Worpps. That by the deadnesse of trade & for want of imploymt. many of them have been forced to enter themselves into their Maties. Service & have left their Familyes to be pvided for by yor. Petrs. soe that the number of the Poore wthin. the said Pish is soe exceedingly increased That wthout. some greater Assistances from Parishes wthin. the said City the burdhers thereof can noe longer be supported

May itt thereof please yor. Lordshipps & Worpps. to take into yor. consideration the deplorable necessityes of the Poore of the said Parish & to order some Parishes wthin. the said City to make such further Allowance & Contribucon towardes their releife as to yor. Honors. & Worshipps shall seem meete & convenient

And yor. Petrs. shall Ever Pray Etc.

