To the Right Honourable Sr. William Stewart Knt. Lord Mayor of the City of London and to the Rest of his Majestys Justices of the Peace at their generall Quarter Sessions Assembled.

The Humble Petition of the severall persons whose Names are hereunto sett being Parishioners of the Parish of St. Botolphs Bishopsgate in the Ward of Bishopsgate in the sd. City.

Sheweth That George Franckling and William Skerett John Preston John Knighton Henry Cartwright & Thomas Hughes being [...] prtending to be Church Wardens & Overseers of the Poor of the Parish aforesaid for the present year 1722 about the Month of May last past made a quarterly Rate or Assessmt. on Your Petitioners and the rest of the Parishioners & Inhabitants of the sd. Parish amounting to the Sume of £600 and upwards for or towards or under prtence of relieveing the Poor of the said Parish or for levying or raising money by Vertue or in pursuance of the Statute made in the forty third year of the Reign of Qu. Elizabeth relateing to the reliefe of the Poor & setting them to work and Sr. Edward Becher Knt. Alderman of the sd. Ward hath confirmed the same Rate or Assessmt. and only one quarter part thereof is yet collected or demanded or endeavoured to be received That the sd. Persons have also lately made another such Rate or Assessmt. on Yor. Petitioners & the Rest of the Parishioners & Inhabitants of the sd. parish amounting also in the whole to the Sume of £600 & upwards and prtend & give out That the sd. Sr. Edwd. Bether hath likewise confirmed the same.

That the said George Franckling hath demanded of Your Petitioners the severall Sumes in the said last mentioned Rate on them respectively charged and Threatens to Levy the same on their Goods and Chattells by Vertue of the said Statute But refused to show the same Rate to your Petitioners or to inform them by vertue of what Authority the same is made or what necessity there is for raising so large a sume of Money at is thereby intended to be raised.

Wherefore and for that our Petitioners are apprehensive that the Money raised & to be raised by the said Rates or one of them is intended to be applyed for some sinister or other Uses not Warrted. by the sd. Statute and for diverse other Reason Partiality's & Abuses in and concerning both the said Rates Yor. Petitioners do hereby humbly appeal from the sd. last mentioned Rate to Yor. Lordship & Worships And pray that Your Worships would Quash & make void the same or take such order therein at to Yor. Worships shall be thought convenient according to the form of the said Statute.

And your Petitioners shall ever pray Etc.

Gerrard Hotley Samuel Adams William Cowley Benj. Vastan John Kipling Jno. Willmott David Wane Rowland Draper Robert Welham Thomas Ford Henry Aldwin Wm. Dutton Edmund Baker John Moore Robert Freelane [...]

Thomas Long George Larkin Hum: Burroughs Andrew Bird Anne Morden James Bedberre Thomas Greenaway Richard Hewett Mary Goode James Best James Wortham Daniel Wormlaighton John Horrobine Thomas Hewett Georgr. Phillips [...]

Benja. Bealing Henry Chappell Richard Phillips John Bowers William Munns Richard Miller Humphrey Cordin Samll. Mackerness Richard Blackwell Robert Osmond John Lillie John Chewter Samll. Sureties William Coles Richard Prow [...]

Samuel Barry Daniel Malin Anne Messinger James Overton William Cranke Edward Coggs John Purster William Hickman Joshuah Knight Thomas Smith Richard Banister Samll. Green Daniel Cabanell Thomas Meadows Richard Cox [...]

charged and Threatens to Levy the same on their Goods and Chattells by Vertue of the said Statute But refuses to show the same Rate to your Petitioners or to inform them by vertue of what Authority the same is made or what necessity there is for raising so large a sume of Money as is thereby intended to be raised.

Wherefore and for that Your Petitioners are apprehensive that the Money raised & to be raised by the said Rates or one of them is intended to be applyed for some Sinister or other Uses not Warrted. by the sd. Statute And for diverse other Reasons Partialitys & Abuses in and concerning both the said Rates Yor. Petitioners do hereby humbly appeal from the sd. last mentioned Rate to Yor Lordship & Worships And pray that your worships would Quash & make void the same or take such order therein as to Yor. Worships shall be thought convenient according to the form of the said Statute.

And your Petitioners shall ever pray Etc.

Gerrard Hatley Samuel Adams William Cowley Benj. Waston John Kipling Jno. Willmott David Wane Rowland Draper Robert Welham Thomas Ford Henry Aldwin Wm. Dutton Edmund Baker John Moore Robert Freelove Josh. Forby Willm. Walford Joseph Dean William Mead Martha Plant Abram. Felsted Edward Whatcoff Peter Dibon Saml. Hubbard James Matthews Thomas Sparkman Saml. Cutter James Owen Geo: Pickett Richard Grove Richard Oneale Daniel Hickman Samuel Holland Thomas Belch

Thomas Long George Larkin Hum: Burroughs Andrew Bird Anne Morden James Bedberre Thomas Greenaway Richard Hewett Mary Goode James Best James Wortham Daniel Wormlaighton John Horrobine Thomas Hewett Peregr. Phillips Isaac Smith Richard Sims John Porter John Cann Richard Lea Sarah Bradford James Taylor Thomas Bowes Abra: Barjean William Hall Mary Cox Lawrence Parke Timo. Drew Edward Say Richard Smith John Lake Thomas Gardiner Samuel Humphris Daniel Carpenter

Benja. Bealing Henry Chappell Richard Phillips John Bowers William Munns Richard Miller Humphrey Cordin Samll. Mackerness Richard Blackwell Robert Osmond John Lillie John Chewtor Samll. Sureties William Coles Richard Prow Thomas Richards Barnard Casson Mary Dello Richard Chamberlin Marcus Stibbs John Mayor Rchard Stretton John Leech Thomas Rudge James Overy Benjn. Smith Martin Tanner Richard Hedggis Miles Walker John Lefever Marmaduke Smith Francis Mence Michael Delamoy Richard Mence

Samuel Barry Daniel Malin Anne Messinger James Overton William Cranke Edward Coggs John Purster William Hickman Joshiah Knight Thomas Smith Richard Banister Samll. Green Daniel Cabanell Thomas Meadows Richard Cox Elizabeth Everett Adam Bevan Thomas Gorst Samuel Kent John Lewis Thomas Bursberry Abrm. Cook John Smith Dorcas Ratcliffe James Desesar Richard Merrett Goldesb: Frost John Savell Edmond Reynolds Nicholas Little John Blackburn John Longden William Smith Henry Yarpe

