To the Right Honoable and Worspll her Majtis Justices of the peaces For the City of London.

The humble peticon & appeale of ye Churchwardens and Overseers of ye poor of that part of the parish of St: Giles wth: out Cripplegate which is in the County of Midx.

Sheweth That by a Warrant under ye hands & Seales of Sr: Sala Lovell Ktt: and Sr: Tho: Lane Knt: Two of her Matis: Justices of ye peace for ye Sd. City of London (Quor unus) beareing date the Second day of July Last past One Margaret Hounsell widow & relict of Nicholas Hounsell & he Late husband decd. was removed & past from & out of the parish of All Hallows on London Wall wth in ye. Sd. City of London, to that part of the sd parish of St: Giles wth. out. Cripplegate which is in ye. Sd. County of Midx. therein alleadinge that ye. Sd. Nicholas Hounsell was Last Legally filled there, To appeared by Certify be under ye. hands of Thomas Pettit & Richd. Cole [...] the Churchwardens of ye sd. Pish of St: Giles wth. out Cripplegate beareinge date ye Sixteenth day of Novemr: Ano Dom [...] 1697: and that neither he nor this sd Late wife Margaret have or hath obtained any other place of Legall Setlemt: Since

That your peticonr: thinke themselves agreived wth Judgmt: of ye Sd. Two Justices of ye peaces and humbly appeal against ye. Sd Warrtt: for that your peticonr. Can make it plainly appeare this Honable: Court that ye Sd. Margaret Hounsell hath Lived in ye Sd parish Allhallows for ye. Space of about Fifteen yeares; Last past beinge out a Lodger for ye first Five yeares of ye. Sd Fifteen yeares; & then & there she paid to ye Scavengers rate, and that she hath been a house Keeper in ye Sd Parish of All Hallows for ye. Space of Ten Yeares Last past in which time she paid to all & every ye. Rates or Taxes made for reimburseing & paying ye. Scavengers of ye. Sd Pish of Alhallows for leanstinge ye: Streets Etc: Which your Peticonrs: humbly Conceives makes a Good Settlement.

Your peticonrs. therefore humbly pray your Worpps will be pleased to grant an order that ye. churchwardens & Overseers of ye. poor of ye. parish All Hallows aforesd. May attend this Honable. Court this present Sessions to heare & abide ye. Judgmt. & determinacon of this Court touchinge ye. Sd appeal

And your peticonr: Shall ever pray Etc:

John Beardmore John Collins} Church Wardens

