To the Right Honoble: Sir Wm. Billers Knight Lord Mayor of the City of Londonand the Rest of the Worpfull Justices of the Peace of the said City at their General Quarter Sessions, of the Pence at the Guild hall assembled

The Humble Petition and Appeal of Thomas Cox Mathew Nash Richard Scarr Thomas Goalding, Junr. Samuel Sutton Joseph Gray John Cox John Collins Thomas Hadden John Grace Walter Langford Robert Hayes and Richard Holl

Sheweth That Your Petitionrs. are inhabitants in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate in London and severally Rated and Assessed in Several Sums towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish in a Certain Rate or assessment made or mentioned to be made by the Church Wardens and Overseers of the Poor and the Select Vestry of the same Parish on the 29th: day of January in the Year of our Lord 1733. By which rate your Petitioner conceive they are much agrieved For that the great sum of mony to be raised there by farr Exceed what is Necessary for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish as Your Petition Doubt not to poore and most therefore be applyed as they have reason to believe to Answer some Unwarrantable Purposes unknown to Your Petitionrs: The rather for that your Petitonrs: having applyed to the Churchwrdens and Overseers for a Satisfactory Account of the Great sums raised or Demanded under Colour and protense thereof have been deciyed in their Request.

And Yoe Petitionrs. also shew that the said Rate is made to Continue from Michnolmas last for Sixmonths next following for whcih reason and many other Imperfections therein Yor. Petitionrs. are advised and do humbly Conceive the same to be Illegal.

And they further humbly Shew that the Great Sums raised and to be Raised there by and which are actually raised under Colour thereof greatly Exwed the necessary Charges of maintaining the Poor of the said Parish are Agrieved thereby For which reason your Petitions as do humbly Appeal to yor Lord Ship and the Honourable Court.

And pray that the said Rate may be Quashed and that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the said Parish may be obliged to produce the said Rate and Accounts relateing to the Poor of the said Parish for the inspection and Perusall of Your said Petitionrs:

And yor. Petitionrs: Shall ever Pray

