To the Right Honourble. the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen

The Humble peticon of John Mabson one of the Serjeants of the Poultry Compter

Sheweth That your petitioner was employed to arrest John Woodford by Vertue of an action entred agt. him the 18th: April 1717 at the Suite of & Elias Willis Case 100

That sd. Woodford was arrested accordingly & not finding Bayle yor. Petitioner would have put him in the Prison of the sd. Compter but the Plt Willis desired he would keep him att some house out of the prison which he did in Compliance to sd: Plt

That on the 19th. of Sd. April Sd. Woodford was charged in custody wth. another action att sd. Willis's Suite Case £50 abt. which time Sd. Woodford informed yor. petitioner that he would Bayle Sd. action of £100 and that yor: petitioner then acquainted Sd. Willis therewith

That Sd: Willis afterwards enquiring if Bayle was y [...] in to Sd. Action of £100 and being then told that sd. Woodford changed his resolution of Bayling it and designed to remove himslef over to the prison of the King's Bench which he afterwards did

The sd. Willis on the 20th. of sd. Aprill with drew the £100 action and entred one agt. yor. petitioner which yor. petitioner Bayled and hath since for want of a Declaration nonsuited

That on the 21st. day of May following the sd. Woodford brought a Habeas Corpus and was turned over to the King's Bench with the sd. action and had alsoe carried over the sd. £100 action not [...] [...] withdra the same

That on the 27th. day of May last on the Plts petition to tis Honourble. Court this Court was pleased to suspend your petitioner as having misbehaved himself in his office

That yor. petitioner kept sd. Woodford actually in Custody [...] persuant to the Directions of sd. Willis from the sd. 18th of April till the 21st. of May following at which time he was turned over to the King's Bench aforesd.

That yor: Petitioner hathalready been oblig'd to defend himself to an action att Law and is ready to prove that he

never let the Sd. Woodford out of his Custody and that the Sd. Woodford still remains a prisoner at the Plts Since and your Petitioner was not prepared at the time of his Suspention to make his Defence

Your Peticoner therefore humbly prays That the sd. Suspension may be taken off or that yor. Petitioner may be heard before this Honourble. Court touching the Same And yor. Petitioners shall ever pray Etc

