To the Right Sr. Edward Bellamy Knt. Lord mayor of the City of London and to the rest of the Justices assembled at a Generall Quarter Sessions of the Peace held in for the said City

The Humble Petition of Abraham Levy the Younger

Humbly Sheweth That Solomon Meyers by a Foreign Indenture bearing date on or abt. the fifteenth day of March one thousand Seven hundred & thirty two did bind himself an apprentice to your Petr. for the term of five years to Learn the art of Cutting and Polishing Diamonds.

That yr. sd Solomon Meyers Continued with your Petr. as his apprentice from the time aforesd. untill the fourth day of July One thousand Seven hundred & thirty four during which time your Petr. used all the proper means to Instruct in the best manner his said apprentice in the art & mystery of Cutting & Polishing Diamonds In which yor. Petrs. said apprentice was very much Improved

That yor. Petrs. sd. apprentice finding that he gott yor. petr. by his own Labour above twenty Shillings Clear every week notwithstanding he had not been with him above fifteen months did without any reason or prevention whatsoever on the said fourth day of July 1734 about himself and Depart from the said Service of yor. Petrs. and hath Continued absent & apart from yor. Petrs. sd. Service from that day hitherto During all which time he hath worked for himself in the sd. business of Cutting and polishing Diamonds in his father's house

That yor. Petrs. sd. apprentice having refused to Come & work with yor. petr. altho' yor. Petr. had Several times During the aforesd. time sent for him So to do yor. Petr. thereupon on the 9th. day of June last Caused him to be taken upon a warrant granted on yor. Petrs. Complaint and Carryed him before Sr. Richard Brocas Knt. who bound him over to appear at this Quarter Sessions to answer yor. Petrs. sd Complaint

Yor. Petr. therefore most humbly prays yours Lordship and Worships to give him such releif in the premisses as to your Lordships & Worship's wisdom Shall Seem most meet

And yor. Petr. as in in Duty Bound Shall ever pray Etc

Abm. Levy Junior

