To The Right Honourable John Barber Esquires Lord Mayor of the City of London And the Rest of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the said City In their Generall Quarter Sessions of the Peace Assembled.

The Humble Petition and Appeale of Roger Pemberton an Inhabitant in the Parish of Saint Katherine Coleman London

Sheweth That your Petitioner hath Occupyed the Business of a Stable-Keeper in the said Parish for Upwards of Twenty years last past Which Employ Requires a large Spott of Ground for the Accomodation of his Customers, for which he is Oblidged to pay his Landlord One hundred and Twenty Pounds a year And being Old Wooden Buildings are Daily Requireing Repairs Soe that Considering the moneys your Petitioner hath laid out on the Premisses Together with the said Rent and Repairs The whole One year with another Lyes your Petitioner in the Sume of Two hundred and Thirty Pounds And your Petitioner Doth Averr That since he hath Enjoyed the said premisses He hath not One year with Another made more of the same than the said Sume of Two hundred and Thirty Pounds

That Till of late years you Petitioner hath been moderately Rated to the poor And the Premisses he now Enjoys never Exceeding the Sume of Three Pounds a year And Particularly in the years 1725. 26. 27. 28 and 29. your Petitioner was but Rated at Forty Shillings a year And Mr: Faller at Three Pounds Eight Shillings a year That in the year 1730 your Petitioner was Raised to Three Pounds a year and Mr. Fuller still Continued at Three pounds Eight Shillings That in the years 1731. and 32. your Petitioner was further Raised to a pound Rate of Ninety four pounds a year and Mr. Fuller Still continued at Sixty Eight pounds a year

That from the facts before Stated and your Petitioner well knowing Mr. Fuller to be of much greater Ability than your Petitioner And humbly thinking himselfe Aggrieved Did Appeale to the said Rate last year which being Heard your Petitioner was Adjudged Aggrieved And It was Recomended he should pay four pounds as formerly

Now Notwithstanding Your Petitioners former Rates Both to Church and Poor never Amounted to that Sume your Petitioner was ready to Comply with the said Order And hath paid two pounds Seven Shillings in part of the said Sume of four pounds which your Petitioner was soe Ordered to pay and at the same time Tendered the Remaining Sume of one pound Thirteen Shillings Which the then Church-Wardens and Overseers of the poor of the said Parish Refused to take and still Insist upon four Pounds over and above the said sume of Two Pounds Seven Shillings As alsoe persist in Rateing your Petitioner this year at Ninety Pounds a year And Still Continue the said Mr. Fuller at Sixty Eight Pounds a year Although in the Land Tax Books for these Severall years your Petitioner hath been Rated at Sixty Pounds a year and noe more and the said Mr. Fuller at Sixty Eight Pounds a Year

Wherefore your Petitioner thinking himselfe Aggrieved Doth Humbly Appeale from the said Rate and Assessment made by the Church-Wardens and Overseers of the poor of the Said Parish of Saint Katherine Coleman for this present year To your Lordshipp and Worshipps Susannah as the same is an Unequall Rate as before Set forth And humbly prays he may be heard in the Premisses And That the Church-Wardens and Overseers of the poor of the Parish of St. Catherine Coleman London may Appear before your Lordshipp and Worshipps to Hear your Judgement and Determination touching this Appeale And to Abide by the Order of this Court therein

And your Petitioner Shall Ever pray

