To the Right Honorable Sr. Richard Levett Kntt. Lord Major of the Citty of London

The Petition of Wm. Chevall. overseer of the Poor. Cha. Wright Benj. Hurdis Wm. Jenneny Jno. Madder Wm. Berry Tho. Driffeild Rich. Minty Mich. Stevenson. Timothy Newton Rich. Kinsman. Henry Tolly. Robert Wale. Ja. Price. Ja. Smith. Law. Rumsey Fran. Birkeston. Samll. Box. Benj. Hurdis. Dorithy Warner. on behalfe of themselves and Seaverall other Inhabitants in the Precinct of White Fryers the Ward of Farrington without in the City of London.

Most Humbly Sheweth that for Severall yeares last past Robt Britton Jno. Searle. Elisha. Whitton. Tho. Dewey. Jno. Blyth. Tho Fletcher Jer Wilkinson Rich. Butler and Ed. Rook assumeing to themselves the whole management of the said Precinct have concealed Some Charitys, and the better to Carry on the Same prinetly without givening notice to the Inhabitant, and refuseing all but themselves to be present. Chose overseers. Constables and Leavingers. Recd. Fines of Seaverell for Refuseing or excuseing themselves from executing the Same. and have given noe Account thereof and made Such as undertook the said offices Spend through [...] on them and refused to Audits or State and Settle the officers Acco. without they would treat them, and particularly about Easter last chase Richard. Butler Canstable and Beedle of the said Precinct notwithstanding they know he at the lamb, time stood Indicted for keeping a disordant house. and likewise in a [...] manner Chese W. Chevall and Isacc Sailmaker overseers of the Poore of the said Precinct for this years, and refuseing them and all other to be present except there own Caball made a most partiall and unequall Rate for the poore for the whole years whereby they have extreamly rated themselves allthough they live in houses of the greatest Rents and are persons of the most consyderable trade and Stock. and greatly burthened your petitioners and most of the Inhabitants by over Rateing them. All which matters your petitioners and advised are Iregular and Illegal, and the poore must certainly to and unless she Same be regulated by this Honorable Court.

Wm Chevall Wm. Berry Charles Wright Thos. Driffells John Madder Mich: Steevenson Simon Watters Kenery Kalley

Your Petitioners therefore humbly pray that she said Robt. Britton. Jno. Searle Elisha. Whitton. Tho Dewey Jno. Blyth. Tho. Fletcher. Jer. Wilkington. Rich Butler and Ed. Rooke Sr may be ordered to attend this Honnbl Court at a Certaine time to answear the Seaverall Complaints against them, and shew Cause why the Lains Rate Should not be Sett aside, and that your petitioners may be releaved in the premises, and the petitioners Shall ever pray

