To the Right Honourable the Lord Mayor of the City of London & the Worshipfull the Recorder and Aldermen of the said City in their General Quarter Session of the Peace Assembled

The Humble Petition of the several Inholders, Master Coachmen & Stable Keeper hereunder named on Behelf of themselves and others the Consumers of Oats in and about the City of London

Sheweth. That in and from the Month of May last to this time the Price of Middling English Oats at the Corn Market in Mark Lane London has exceeded the Sum of Sixteen Shillings the Quarter and such Oats from time to time have been raised in their Price from Sixteen Shillings and Sixpence to Twenty Shillings the Quarter And the County Markets round London have greatly followed the Example The Continuance of which must inevitably by the Ruin of your Petitioners and which has already proved fatal to many Hackiney Coachmen and Cormen Etc.

Your Petitioners therefore most humbly Pray that this Honorable Court will take their Case into Consideration & that they will be pleased to examine and determine the common Market Price of Midling English Oats as the same is commonly bought and sold in the said Market and afterwards certify the same unto his Majestys Chief Officer and Collector of the Customs pursuant to the Statutes in such Case made & provided

And your Petrs. as in Duty bound shall every Pray Etc

John Poultney James Harrison Thos Mogeridge Sr. George Norman Wm. Flude Benj Toney Thos: Ealles W Fillingham John Palmer

Jos Johnson Nichs Hewett Richd. Borrill Wm Hollamby Thos. Grice Frans: Rawlings Alexr. Bell Richd: Oldner Michael Newham Wm. Martin

Edward Pinder Robt Stockditt Watt Butler Jno. Goodaker Jno: Long Robert Ware Henry Bedell Ben Miller John Cann Wm Howell Joseph Field

Turn Over

Thos: Keens John Cook Geo. Wright Henry Gogney Wm Spencer G:Grisewood Nevill Henson R. Thornber Wm Hunter Henry Peed Mr Frost Hill John Houlder Barnard Gardner Thomas Read Robert Halliwell John Holloway Robt: Ireland Colin Donaldson Thos Banister James Stuart John Setlow John Beckett Christr. Shaw Edd. Wallis

Willm: Allen Robt: Parrey Richd. Smithe Henry Swanson A Squire Tho Swaine Abra. Hodgson Willm. Baldwin Jno Thompson John Oddy Robert Ewen John Willan Geo Stephenson Robt. Hall Jno Auckland John Gardiner J Russell Th. Douglas Richard Damen Ralph Gibson Joseph Gibson Simon Pawson Slannaria Gowan

