To the Right Honourable the Lord Mayor, Court of Adermen and Recorder of the City of London. in their Quarter Sessions Assembled.

The humble Petition of the Journeymen Taylors of the City of London

Humbly Sheweth, That by an Order made (on the Petition of the Master Taylors.) at the Quarter Sessions of the City of London on the 30th. day of April in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty It was directed than your Petitioner's should be allowed Wages after the Rah of 2s. 7½d P Day which is six Pence less than they received for about three Years next before the making of such Order.

That by an Act of Parliament made in the present eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, it is not only enacted that the Wages of your Petitioners shod. be 2s. 7d. ½ a Day. but it is amongst other Things enacted that if any Master Taylor should Pay or allow any more or quarter Wages then the Wages therein Stipulated or of any Journeyman should take or receive any quater Wages than as aforesaid, he should be committed to the House of Correction for a certain Time therein limitted, And it is who furr. Enacted that it shod. be lawfull for the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of the City of London for the Time being at their General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions for the Peace & they are thereby authorized and required from Time to Time upon Application being made to them for that purpose to other requlate Order and appoint the Wages and Allowances to be then made to your Petitioners as the exigency of Times might require.

That your Petitioners find themselves totally unable to provide for themselves and their Families unless their Wages are augrnented, and the Masters are permitted to Allow them greater Wages.

That the present Wages produce no more than 2s. 3½d P Day including Sundays.

That your Petitioner's wod. be well Jutisfied with their present Wages were they able to obtain Work all the Year round or as much as other Trades in general, but that your Petitioner's upon an Average are employed not more than eight Months in the Year which at the present Wages of 2s.7½d. a Day is no more than 1s.7½d. P Day the Year round.

That Master's being restrained from paying more than 2s.7½d a Day to any of your Petitioners Trade are not at Liberty to pay to industrious and experienced Workmen any more Wages than Workmen who are ever so raw and indo lent & whereby those of great Industry are incapable of being rewarded agreeable to their Merit as they used to be before the said late Act.

That Provisions of all kinds are so very dear that your Petitioners can barely find themselves and Families with common Necessaries during the Seasons of the Year they are employed and consequently are not able to save any Thing at those Times for to maintain themselves and Families during that Season of the Year they cannot get Employment and are by that means totally destitute of Subsistance or Relief during the Seasons of the Year, they cannot get employ and also in Case of Sickness or other Accidents.

That your Petitioners are employed one Hour in a Day more there Journeyment of most Trades in the Cities of London and Westminster besides bring allowed an Hour loss for their Meals and Intervals which makes a difference of two Hours every Day from most other Trades in favour of the Masters.

That your Petitioners are also under many other Hardships and Inconveniencies different from other Trades in general.

That their Hour of Work commences at six O'Clock in the Morning both in Winter and Summer & that but a few of your Petitioners Trade being able to get constant Work with the name Master are frequently obliged to go from one End of the Town to the other before their said Hour of Work and are frequently discharged in the Middle of a Day and at such a distance from the Houses or Places of Call as not only to accasion the loss of the Remainder of the Day impossible to be avoided but to loose them much Time in the Year.

That your Petitioners not only for the Conveniency of the Masters and Tradesmen but that they may have equal Opportunities of employ and maintaining themselves and Families enter into Companies or Society's and keep their Names in Books and from thence go to Work by rotation and have been used to keep or subscribe to benefit Societies from 18s.. to 20s. a Years in the whole to relieve or maintain them in Case of Sickness but that from the difference in their Wages & the hight Price of Provisions they are incapable of continuing their Payments to any such Benefit Societies and have thereby many of them been Obliged to forfeit their Interest thereto, and must inevitably in Case of Sickness become burthen some to their respective Parishes.

That by reason of their Working in close and confined Places and by Candle Light their Eyes are in general so greatly affected that great many of your Petitioners Trade are disabled from Working at their Business after they are 40 Years of Age and by means thereof are not only frequently rejected by the Masters at the Age of 40 merely on that Account, but are presented from being employed in any other kinds of Labour.

That not only during the present but late General Mourning the Master Taylors have refused giving your Petitioners double Wages agreeable to the late Act or more than the Common Price of 2s. 7½d. P Day.

That your Petitioners have all of them carefully avoided assembling in any tumultuous manner or mixing with any Crowds of People whatever in these riotous Times, and that on Monday the 16th. day of last Month when your Petitioners went to lay their Case before the Honourable the House of Commons they behaved with all Decency and have never given made or joined in making or giving any Noise Offence or Disturbance whatsoever as they have been informed and believe.

Your Petitioners therefore most humbly Pray that this Court will please to take their Case under their most serious Consideration and allow them Wages after the Rate of three Shillings a Day, and that this court will be Pleased to give such other Relief and Redross as the nature of their Case requires and to this Court shall seem meet.

And your Petitioners shall ever Pray Etc.

