To the Rt Honble Francis Child Esqr. Lord Mayor of the City of London and the Worpfll the Aldrmen and Justices of the said City at the General Quarter Sessions for the sd City held this third day of July 1732 Assembled

The Humble Peticon of Thomas Dinely Richard Lechmere and John Lateward of Lond Wharfingrs. on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Wharfingers Farmers of Brewers Key Chesters Key Gally Key Wooll Key Custome house Key and Globe yard in the Parish of Alhallows Barkin London.

Sheweth That yr Petrs. being aggrieved by the Rate made by the Churchwardens and overseers of the Poor of the sd. Parish of Alhallows Barkin for the Poor for the year 1731 in respect of the said Keys and Warehouses before menconed Exhibited their Peticon and Appeal to the Rt Honble the late Lord Mayor and the Aldrmen and Justices of the said City assembled at their Quarter sessions held for the said City.

That the said Appeal comeing on to be heard the Court thought yr. Petrs. and Especially your Petr Dinely and partners agrieved with regard to Brewers Key. And by an Order made the 17th day of April last relieved yr. Petr Dinely and Partners in Regard to Brewers Key And declared that the Wharfingers of the Other Keys Should be relieved from the said Rate and Shou'd be rated according to their Annual profit only clear of all Outgoings and Deduccons which your Petrs. Should make Appear at the next Quarter Sessions And that the rate as to the Other Parishioners Should be Confirmed And by Another Order made the 23d day of May last It was Ordered that all proceedings touching the said Rate Shoud be Stayed till this Present Quarter Sessions And that yr Petrs. Should then give in An Accot. of their Annual profits clear of all Outgoings as by the said Several Orders will more at large appear

That it appeared on hearing the said Appeal That the said Church Wardens and Overseers had rated your Petrs. Dinely and Partners in respect or Brewers Key, not only in respect of their Profitts but also for the Rent they paid for the said Key Vizt £400. P Ann the Rent and £206 P Ann the Profitts

And the said Church Wardens and Overseers have rated your Petrs. for the Other Keys in the same manner and proporcons.

That the said Church Wardens and Overseers have Since the Hearing the said Appeal (and as yr Petrs. Apprhend) without any (reasonable

Reasonable Occasion made a New Assessment or Overrate for three Months and have rated and assessed your Petrs. in the same manner & proporacon as they had done in their former Rate.

That Your Petrs. are much agrieved thereby and are Advised that the said last rate is both unequall unnecessary and illegal and that for the Reasons herein and in their former Appealmenconed

Yr. Petrs. therefore humbly Pray That the sd Rate may be Quashed or yr Petrs. have such other Relief therein as to the Court shall seem Meet

And yr Petrs shall ever pray. Etc.

