1781

[---] o his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London at their General Quarter Sessions holden at the Guildhall in and for the same City by Adjournment on Monday the Fifth day of November One thousand seven hundred and eighty one

The humble Petition of Brackley Kennett, Thomas Wright, Evan Pugh, and Richard Clark Esquires.

Sheweth That Thomas Langdale Esquire, James Malo, Thomas Stock, Robert Charlton, George Summerling, Sir James Peachy Baronet, John Northouck, Richard Bullock and Eusta [...] Wolleprer having severally commenced and Prosecuted separate Actions at Law against your Petitioners as Inhabitants of this City in order to recover Satisfaction for the Damages done to their respective Dwelling houses Stock in Trade Household Furnitures Etc during the late Riots in this City have respectively obtained Judgments for such their respective Damages and Costs for the following Sums namely the said Thomas Langdale Esquire for the Sum of Eighteen thousand nine hundred and seventy four Pounds The said James Malo for the Sum of Three thousand seven hundred and fifty nine Pounds ten shillings The said Thomas Stock for the Sum of Two thousand two hundred and sixty seven Pounds ten shillings The said Robert Charlton for the Sum of One thousand and twenty nine Pounds ten shillings The said George Summerling for the Sum of Five hundred and ten Pounds five Shillings The said Sir James Peachy Baronet for the Sum of Three hundred and thirty four Pounds ten shillings

The said John Northouck for the Sum of Two [...] dred and six [...] The said Richard Bullock for the Sum of [...] ndred and ei [...] Pounds ten shillings and the said Enstace Mollyner for the Su [...] of One hundred and forty six Pounds fifteen shillings amounting together in the whole to the Sum of Twenty seven thousand four hundred and eight Pounds ten shillings

That your Petitioners as the Defendants in such Actions [...] their Posts of severally defending [...] to be duly taxed by the proper Officer of the Court wherein they were respectively commenced (as by the Affidavit hereto annexed appears) namely in the Cause Langdale against Kennett Wright and Pugh Esquires at the Sum of Three hundred and forty eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings Malo against Wright and Pugh Esquires at the Sum of One hundred and fourteen Pounds and eight Pence Stock against same at the Sum of One hundred and eight Pounds seven shillings and seven Pence Charlton against some at the Sum of One hundred and fourteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and five Pence Summerling against same at the Sum of Twenty eight Pounds three Shillings and eight Pence Sir James Peachy Baronet against Kennett Wright and Pugh Esquires at the Sum of Seventy eight Pounds and eight Pence Northouck against Pugh and Wright Esquires at the Sum of Thirty three Pounds twelve shillings and two Pence Bullock against Wright Pugh and Clark Esquires at the Sum of Thirty seven Pounds eighteen shillings and ten Pence And Mollyner against Wright and Pugh Esqrs. at the Sum of Twenty seven Pounds Eleven shillings and seven Pence amounting together in the whole to the Sum of Eight hundred and ninety one Pounds seven shillings and seven Pence

Your Petitioners therefore humbly

Pray that the said Sum of Eight hundred and ninety one Pounds seven shillings and seven Pence being the amount of your Petitioners Costs so taxed as aforesaid for acsinding the said several Action [...] y be provided for and [...] Tax action [...] Assessment to be ma [...] vied and collected for the Payment of the Damages and Costs so severally recovered by the said respective Plaintiffs as aforesaid

Jas. Roberts. Attorney for & on behalf of the Petitioners

