London (to wit) To The Right Honourable [---] Thomas Harley Esqr Lord Mayor and the rest of his Majesties Justices of the Peace for the City of London at their Quarter Sessions of the Peace hold at the Guildhall in and for the said City of London

The Humble Petition of John Fox and Francis Taxson of said John Fox of Hanover Street Long Acre in the County of Middlesex Staymaker

Sheweth That your Petitioner Francis Fox in and by certain Indentures of Appreticeship bearing date on or about the sixteenth of March in ye year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixty Four was bound Apprentice to Richard Morphew of Maiden Lane near Covent Garden Jeweller to learn his Act or trade and with him after the manner of an Apprentice to serve from the day of the date of the said Indenture to the full end and term of seven years and by the said Indentures the sd Richard Morphew in consideration of the sum of thirty five Pounds to him paid by the said John Fox the Father did not only Covenant to teach your Petitioner Francis Fox the sd Art or Trade of a Jeweller but also to find and Provide for him sufficeint meat drink Wasting and Lodging for an during the said Term

That your Petitioner Francis Fox entered into the servcie of the sd Richd. Morphew and faithfully served him as his Apprentice under the sd. Indenture makth on or about the end of Novr. or the beginning of December last past when the sd. Richd. Morphew was Arrested and soon afterwards moved himself by Habeas Corpus into his Majestys Prison of the Fleet and doth now remain a Prisoner in the Custody of the Warden of the said Prison charged with three Actions issued out of the Marshalsea Court and the total swore to in those three Actions amount to as more than twenty three Pounds seven shillings and six pence

That not with standing your Petitioner Francis Fox contained in the faithfull service and discharge of his duty as an Apprentice with the sd Richd Morphew untill the said Richd. Morphew was Arrested and went to Prison as afsd. when your Petitioner was Obliged to go home to his Parents and is in manifest danger of receiving no benefit or advantage from the said Indenture to follow the said business or have any part of the consideration money returnd as the the sd. Richd. Morphew before and since his confinement as afsd. has be discontinued from being employed by any Person on Account of his indigent circumstances & now what wokrk is done is on his own Account and so soon as one peice of work is finished he sends his youngest Apprentice to Pawn the same under which circumstances shou'd your Petitioner Francis Fox be obliged to go back again to his said Master he is afraid and has reason to believe that he shall meat with ill treatment

Your Petitioners therefore humbly pray your worships to order him the said Francis Far to be discharged from ye sd. Indenture whereby he is so bound to the said Richd. Morphew as afsd. and that ye same may be cancelled or that your Worships will be pleased to make such other order as the nature of the pase may require and as to your Worships shall seem meet

And your Petitioners shall ever pray Etc

John Fox Frans. Fox

