To ye. Right Honable: & Worsspll her Matis Justices of ye Peace for ye City of London

The humble Peticon & Appeale of ye church wardens & Overseers of ye. Poor of ye. Parish of St. Botolph wthout Aldersgate in ye. Sd. City of London

Sheweth That by a Wartt: or Order under ye. hands & seales of Two of her Maties Justices of ye. Peace for ye Sd City (Quor Unus) bearinge date ye second day of November 1710: due Hannah Andrews widow of Francis Andrews her Late husband now deced wth her Four Children by her sd Late husband (Vizt:) Frances about Thirteen yeares of age, Thomas about Twelve yeares of age Edward about seven yeares of age, & William about Five yeares of age were removed from & out of ye Parish of St. Giles wthout Cripplegate in ye sd City of London to ye Sd Parish of St: Botolph wth out Aldersgate therein Settinge forth as well upon ye Oath of ye. sd Hannah Andrews as by ye Certificate under ye hands of Thomas Haskin Minister & James Goodyer & Peter Warde Churchwardens of ye Sd Parish of St. Botolph Aldersgate on ye. tenth day of December 1698: that ye sd Francis Andrews was them on Inhabitant in ye. Sd Parish of St Botolph Aldersgate, and that ye sd Parish of St. Botolph Aldersgate is ye P late of Last Legall setlemt. of ye sd. Hannah Andrews & her sd four Children in right of ye setlemt. of ye sd Francis Andrwes deced

Your peticoners findinge themselves agreived with ye Judgmt. of ye sd Two Justices of ye peace Humbly appeale to this Honable. Court against ye same they humbly Conceiveinge that ye Last Place of ye Legall settlemt of ye sd Francis Andrews deced & the sd Late wife & childdren lod not in ye Sd Parish of St Botoloph Aldersgate and humbly prayes that ye church wardens & Overseers of ye poor of ye sd parish of St. Giles without Cripplegate may attend this Honable: Court this Prsent Genell: Quarter Sessions to beare & abide ye Judgemt & deerminacon of this Court touchings this Appeale

And your Peticoners shall ever pray Etc:

Jams Keye Joseph Smith

