To the Right Honoble. Henry Marshall Esqr. Lord Mayor of the City of London, The Worshipful the Recorder and others His Majesty's Justices of the Peace fot the said City in Sessions assembled.

The humble Petition of John Forty, George Nail, Thomas Waters, Philip Shippey, Samuel Wade, Samuel Mandeville Henry Reisenbuck, John Andrews Darby, Gerrard March, Ball and John Tate, in behalf of themselves and others the Master Taylors of the City of London.

Sheweth That your Petitioners in November last preferred their Petition to the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of this Court of Aldermen assembled, against Joseoph Sams, John Goulding, John Owen, Richard Hough, Hugh Dixey, Richard Jones, Ann Goldsmith, Saml. Salter, David Perry and James Crosland Victuallers therein named, thereby Setting forth that they respectively kept Houses of Call For Journeymen Taylors, and that they have been Guilty of Encouraging and Supporting the Journeymen Taylors concerned in the Combination well known to have been carried on by them for Raising their Wages Contrary to the Statue in that behalf

That the Merits of that Petiton having been heard in that Court, all the Vivtuallers so complained against were by the Judgement of the said Court on the 18th. of Decembr. following declared Guilty according to the Allegations of the said Petition, and were admonished accordingly.

But such Admontiton not having had its intended effect, and all the Delinquents continuing to offend as before, Your Petitoners caused another Petiton to be presented against them at the Sessions holden in the Month of March last for the Licensing the Victuallers within this City, which Petiton having been received by the Court, the Hearing thereof was, after further Administions to the Victuallers, adjorned to the next General Quarter Session of the Peace for this City.

That accordingly at the last Sessions the Merits of that Petition were also heard, and many Witnesses were Examined thereon but the Consideration of it was adjourned to this Sessions.

On the hearing of that Petition how for the Delinquents or any of them were further Guilty of the Matters lad to their charge yor. Petrs. presument to say, but with great submission after themselves to the Judgement of the Court.

To the Matters already Proved them Your Petrs. beg leave to add that they are (if necessary) ready to prove the [...] since the last Sessions.

That the Petitioners are ready also to Prove that they are at this time under the same Inconveniences as before for want of Men to work at the Statutables Wages, by means of the Combination being still carried on; a Combination that could not (with great deference) subsist without the Encouragement of the Victuallers.

Your. Petrs. therefore most ernestly Pray for the Judgment of this Honourable Court.

