To the Right Honoble Sr. Francis Child Knt. Lord Mayor of the City of London and the Rest of his Maties Justices of the Peace of the Same City in their Generall Quarter Sessions Assembled

The humble Petition & appeale of Roger Pemberton an Inhabitant in the parish of St. Katherine Coleman London

Sheweth Your Peticoner is a Stable Keeper and lives in the said Parish where he hath been a parishoner for these twenty years last past That his Business of Stable Keeping Obliges him to have a Large Spott of ground backwards four the Alley where he lives for the conveniency of his Customers who Setts up horses at Livery with him out of which Your Peticoner cannot make much more than what will allow him a Maintanance [...]

That dureing the time aforesaid he hath always paid to the poor of the said parish & never made any Exception thereto untill of late Years that your Peticoner hath been Rated beyond what his Circumstances will admitt of paying unless he doth Injustice to himselfe & his family

That by the Assessment of this Year Your Peticoner is Rated at four pounds four Shillings which is almost as much again as what he hath been rated in forme Rates altho' there are Mr. Ruffer Mr. Boddicoate and Severall others in the said Parish (of much Greater Ability & worth & carrry on very great Dealings there at the same Rates they formerly were

Wherefore Yor. Peticoner thinking himselfe aggreived Both humbly Appeale from the Rate and Assessment made by the Churchwardens & Overseers of the poor of the said parish of St. Kath: Coleman London for this present Year as being unequall to yor. Lordship & Worships & humbly prays he may be heard in the Prmese that yor. Lordship & Worships will be so good as to order the Said Churchwardens & Overseers to appear at a Certain Day to hear and abide by the Judgment & Determinacon of your Lordship & Worships touching this appeale & That in the mean time Yor. Peticoner may have Leave to inspect the Books belonging to the poors rate of the said Parish

And Yor. Peticoner shall ever pray Etc.

Roger Pemberton

