To the Right Honourable George Nelson Esquire Lord Mayor of the City of London The Recorder and other his Fellow Justices for the said City now Assembled

The Humble Petition of John Core Apprentice to Edward Kendal of London Jeweller and Nathaniel Wincuss Father in Law to the said John Core.

Setsforth That Your Petitioner John Core was by Indenture bearing date the 28th day of August 1761 bound to Edward Kendal of London Jeweller by and with the Consent of your Petitr Nathl. Wincuss and your Petr John Core further Sets forth that having duly and faithfully Served the sd Edwd Kendal for the space of Four Year or thereabouts the said Edward Kendal became in solvent and left his Habitation in Bartholomew Close having sold his Effects and went to Ireland with his Family but promising your Petr. Core great Matters provided he wod go with sd. Kendal your Petr. Core consented under those promised and accordingly was inticed to go in the sd. Kendal

That upon his Arribing at Ireland with sd. Kendal Your Petr. found he was imposed on and Kendal not Performing his Promises nor even Supplying him with necessary Cloths Etc in somuch that he was quite Care Therefore sooner than continue with sd. Kendal in an Unknown Country quite Remote from his Friends and under such dissagreable Circumstances thought it was most adviseable to Return to England altho' Pennyless (except his Watch) which he was obligid to dispose of to Convey him to his Friends

Your Petr. Wincuss humbly Setsforth that Kendal Applyed to him as Father in Law to Core to give his Consent for him to go to Ireland with which Your Petr. Wincass Storenously (denied not Seeing any probability of Supporting his Son) on Account of his Insolvency) notwithstandg. which sd Kendal unknown to your Petr. inticed sd Core to Ireland with him as aforesaid

Your Petr. Core humbly also Setsforth That upon Arriving England he humbly laid his Case by Petition before The Honourable Bench of Justices at Hickes Hall in the County of Middx on the 21st day of Septr 1765 who taking his Case in to Consideration, immediately discharged your Petr. by order of Sessions reference being brad to said Order annexed will more fully Appeal

That Kendal having letely come from Ireland soon afterwds took your Petr. Core into Custody and an Application being made by sd. Kendall To the Worshipful Alderman then setting for your Petr. Core to Return to him as his Apprentice The Worshipful Alderman was Pleased to think the Complaint Sufficient and the order absolute Sent the Residence of Kendal being in Bartholomew Clore which Appeared to be in the Juisdiction of the City of London but sd. Kendal not being a Freeman of the sd. City Your Petr. Core was advised that an Application

To The Bench of Justices at Hicks's Hall wod. be Sufficient but fearins it is not he humbly hopes your Worships will Consider his Case and Waits the direction of this Honourable Court.

Your Petr. Core also further humbly Setsforth that sd. Kendal had two other Apprentices but the Apprentice Fees being small and of indigent Parents, they not beings Sufficiently Supported and provided for be sd. Kendall they send out their Indres, Notice of which has not arice been taken by sd. Thendal, but your Petr. Flatteing himself his Parents are of Substance and Repute who having allowed £20. for his Apprentice Fee he Apprehenes sd. Kendal mears to take all the lucrative advantages he possibly can as he has menaced and intenes breinging an Action against you Pet Wincass for Hetaining his Apprentice but as your Petr. Wincuss has only Supported your Petr. Core with necessaries until Relief. shall be met with from you Worships not Seeing any probability of Support even now and fearing premeditaced Malice as sd. Thendal is but a Lodger and no Visible Views for a Person as a Marter Jeweller.

Your Petitioners therefore most humbly Pray Your Worship to take the premisses into Considerations hoping the annexed Order may be Confirmed and that your Petr. Core May be discharged from his sd. Marter is the sincerd Prayers. of

Your humble Petrs. who in duly bound will ever pray Etc.

John Core Nathanl. Wincuss

