To the Right Honourable Sr Francis Child Knt Lord Major of ye Honourable City of London To the Right Worshipfull the Recorder. And the Rest of his Majestyes Justices of the Peace Assembled at the Generall Quarter Sessions Held for the Citty of London at the Guild Hall of the same

The Humble Peticon of the Church wardens Overseers for the Poor And others the Antient Inhabitants of the Parish of St Botolph Bishopsgate

Humbly Sheweth London That before the dreadfull fire of London yor Petitioners had allowed by order of the Bench of Justices from the City Parishes the Sume of Sixty Pounds P Ann; but after that dreadfull fire, which consumed most of the Habitations it was taken of. And multitude of the Inhabitants which were burnt out, came to Inhabitt in their Parish. And when the City was Rebuilt the houses were built soe large that their no Houses for the Poor; The rich went all back into the citty. And left the Poor behind them who many of them hath become A great charge and the Poverty and decay of trade and the long & sedious Warr, And the Generall decay in the Weaveing Trade, of which Trade three parts of our Poor consist upon whereby the Parish is reduced to such great Straites that they know not wch: way to releive their Poor, notwithstanding they make such great Assesments for the Poor, that noe Parish in the City of Freedom part comes were it. And besides every year wee are forced to make Additionall rates for the Poor. And this year besides the Assesment for ye Yearly Poor their is already Assessed A year and an halfes additionall rates for the Poor, which makes the Gentlemen of the Parish threaten to leave the same, but wee are constrained to make such Assesments. And all will not doe for wee are Indebted betweene Nine Hundred And A Thousand Pounds which wee pay Intrest for. May it Please your Honour And yor. Worshpps from the time of the Dreadfull fire of London untill the Year 1688 wee had not One Penny Allowed from the Citty: And in the sd Year 1688 wee had allowed Thirty Pounds and at severall times by degrees it was raised to Sixty Pounds for which wee Return thanks to this Honourable Bench. Wee are Informed that St Giles Cripplegate for thee Freedom pt: doe receive from the City Ninety five Pounds P Ann. And wee doe pay to the Poor a great deale more then they, and shave A Greater number of Poor by Farr then they As may appear by our Returne

Pounds P Ann; but after that dreadfull fire, which consumed most of the Habitations it was taken of And A multitude of the Inhabitants which were burnt out, came to Inhabitt in their Parish. And when the City was Rebuilt the houses were built soe large that their no Houses for the Poor; The rich went all back into the citty. And left the Poor behind them who many of them hath become A great charge and the Poverty and decay of trade and the long & sedious Warr, And the Generall decay in the Weaveing trade, of which Trade three parts of our Poor consist upon, whereby the Parish is reduced to such great Straites, that they know not wch: way to releive their Poor, notwithstanding they make such great Assesments for the Poor that noe Parish in the City or Freedom part comes nere it, And besides every year wee are forced to make Additionall rates for the Poor. And this year besides the Assesment for ye Yearly poor their is already Assessed A year and an halfes additionall rates for the Poor, which makes the Gentlemen of the Parish threaten to leave the same, but wee are constrained to make such Assesments. And all will not doe for wee are Indebted betweene Nine Hundred And A Thousand Pounds which wee pay Intrest for May it Please your Honour And yor. Worshpps from the time of the Dreadfull fire of London untill the Year 1688 wee had not One Penny Allowed from the Citty; And in the sd Year 1688 wee had allowed Thirty Pounds and at severall times by degrees it was raised to Sixty Pounds for which wee Return thanks to this Honourable Bench. Wee are Informed that St Giles Cripplegate for the Freedom pt; doe receive from the City Ninety five Pounds P Ann, And wee doe pay to the Poor A great deale more then they and have A Greater number of Poor by Farr then they, As may appear by our Returne according to the Precept received from the Lord Major and his Brethren the Aldermen; And wee are Assessed by order of the Common Councel for the Setting the Poor to worke Three Hundred Twenty two Pounds Thirteene shillings and six Pence which is above Double the Sume of any the Parishes in or about the Citty of London Excepting one Parish.

Your Petitioners therefore Humbly Beseeches this Honourable Bench to Consider the Premises And to Commiserate the Poor Condition of their Parish: And to Allow them such further Releiffe as your Honours in your Grave Wisdom shall seeme Meett

And as in duty Bound they shall pray Etc.

