To the Right Honble Francis Child Esqr. Lord Mayor of the City of London And the rest of his Majties Justices of the peace for the said City in their Generall Quarter Sessions of the peace Assembled

The Humble Peticon of the severall persons Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Botoploh. without Bishopgate London London whose Names are hereunto Subscribed, or behalfe .on behalf of themselves and others of the Inhabitants of the said Parish

Sheweth That severall Sumes of Money have been Demanded of yor. Peticoners for or towards the Releife of the Poor of the said Parish as due upon a Rate made by William Godfrey Henry Downer, John Shakespear and Thomas Whiteworth in Conjunction with Nathaniel Spurling and Jacob Keeves or some of them, who call themselves and pretend to be Church Wardens and Overseers of the poor of the said Parish, That your Peticoners are by the said Rate Aggreived and unlawfully Taxed and rated, for that the said Pretended Church Wardens & Overseers of the Poor are not duly and lawfully appointed Overseers of the poor of the said Parish, And if any such Appointment there be, the same was not made within the City of London as the Law Requires, And the said pretended Rate is not duly Confirmed and if the same is at all Confirmed it was not done within the said City, And the Amount of the said Rate is of itself more than Sufficient to defray. the necessary Charge of maintaining the poor of the said parish and all thers incident & necessary Charges and Expences for the Space of 6 Months and upwards, And the said pretended Church Wardens and Overseers of the poor of the said Parish have neglected to Rate and Asses severall Inhabitants of the said Parish who ought by Law to be Rated and Assesed.

Yor. Peticoners most Humbly Pray the said Rate may be Quashed And that they may have such farther releife in this premisses as to this Honble Court shall seem Just.

And Yor. Peticoners Shall ever Pray Etc.

John Small Mich Actor John Wallington William Snelling

James Colebrooke Dudley Foley John Lock Rogere Mainwaring John Tuller Joseph Wildiges Rd: Chiswell Henry [...] arr Hyrett

