To the Right Honble Sir Robert Westley Knt. Lord mayor of the City of London & others his Majesty's Justices of the peace for the said City at the General Session of the Peace Assembled.

The humble petition of James Jefferson a poor Apprentice Boy

Sheweth That your Petr. was bound Apprentice to one John Jones of the parish of Saint Martin in the Feilds in the County of Middlesex Jeweller for the Space of Seven Years (to learn his Art) by a Certain Foreign Indenture bearing date the 15th. day of June 1737 as by [...] the Counterpart of the same Indenture (which is hereunto Annexed) doth Appear That Mr. Jones in about half a years time absconded and left yor Petr. unprovided for who hath never seen him since That your petr. hath he [...] his Master went abroad upon which your petr. got another Master before the Expiration of this Indenture.

That yor. Petr. was abt. 2 Years afterwards (and before the Expiration of the Term in the above Indenture) bound Apprentice to one Edward Winterton of Black Fryers London Silverer for the space of 7 Years (to learn his Sort) by a Certain other Foreign Indenture bearing date the twenty third day of May 1739 which was near two Years after the Execution of the first Indenture as by a Counterpart of the same last Mentioned Indenture (which is also hereunto Annexed) doth Appear.

That yor. Petrs. said last mentioned Master used to Work Journey Work with such Shopkeepers in the City of London that Sells French Plate at which places your petr. used to Work at the Business with his said Master last mentioned whom your Petr. hath Served about 5 Years.

That yor. Petrs. said Master has for abt. 12 Months past absconded from yor. Petr. and also the business And at last lest Your Petr. at Mr. Walkers in Cheapside were they were last at Work together, so long, without Coming to Assist or direct him in the Business that Mr. Walker could not employ yor. Petr. any longer yor. Petr. not being sufficiently Versed in the Trade, That your Petr. having no Provision made for him by his said last Mentioned Master as either a Habitation Apparel Victuals or Work yor. Petr. has been oblidged to retire to his Mothers a Widow Gentlewoman of a large Family who hath maintained your Petr. ever since to her great Impoverish [...] which is abt. half a year during which time he hath had no Employ her does your Petr. know where his said last Mentioned Master now lives or resides Nor does Your Petr. any prospect of ever learning the Trade with this his said Master And during the five Years Your Petr. hath Served his said last Master he hath never dressed a Joint of Victuals at home That Your Petr. at times hath been almost Starved before he could find his said last mentioned Master & then perhaps Yor. Petr. got 1d. or ¾ [...] him so that yor. Petrs. food latterly hath been Chiefly bread & [...] Butter & Water and sometimes only Bread & Water, Yor. Petrs very Lodging was so bad & so longwith [...] any Streets to his Bed that Yor. Petr. was almost eat up with lice.

That Yor. Petr. was never discharged from his said first Masters Indenture of Apprenticeship nor was the same ever Cancelled The Truth of which Appears upon the face of the Counterpart of the same Indenture.

Therefore Yor. Petr humbly prays your Lordship & Worships with take his whole Case into Consideration and be pleased to Order him to be discharged from his said last Mentioned Apprenticeship or grant him such other relief in the Premises as Your Lordhsip and Worships shall seem meet Etc.

James Jefferson

