To the rt: Honoble: the Ld: Mayr: of the City of London and the Ct: Worpll: the Aldermen & Justices of peace of the sd City Assembled in sessions

The humble peticon of Wm: Pitches

Sheweth That in Novr: 1692 yor Petr: was by his mother placed an apprentice wth: one Robt: Delemaine a Brasier who then lived in the Prcint of Bridewell London for the terme of 7 yrs: and yor Petrs: mother gave Delemaine £10: to learn yor Petr: his trade and agreed to Pvide yor Petr: cloths during his apprentishipp

That after the agreemt. made and not before the sd Delemaine disconed to yor Petrs. mother that he had not taken upp his freedom and thereupon PPosed yor Petr: should be bound apprentice by Indre and he would take upp his freedom the next Cort: day and bind human ording to the custome of the sd City and then the sd Judre should be cancelled

That yor Petr: was accordingly bound by Indre upon wth this moth returned to her house in Hertfordshire and his sd Mar neglected to ta [...] his freedom & alsoe his trade & dyed in Octr: last

That Mary Delamaine his Mars: widdw: after her husbands dead retired into the Mint in southwarke & removed all the household goods from Bridewell Prcinct and doth not follow the sd trade and yor Petr: [---] Mar in his life time having much neglected his trade yor Petr: hath reced little instruccon therein and notwithstanding the sd Mary refuseth either. to discharge yor Petr: from his sd Indre or Pvide him another. Mar whereby he many learn his trade

That yor Petr: applyed to the Recorder of London for releife who granted his sumons for the sd Mary Delamaine to appeare before him and answd yor Petrs: compth: but the refused soe to doe the duely served wth the sd sumons

Yor Petr: therefore humbly prays that he may be discharged from his sd Indre of apprentice or be releived in the Prmes in such manner as to yor Honors. shall been meet

Mary Delamain Exr. To then cant att next Quarter Lessions

John Hawkins him of St. Annes Lane Sane maker oath That her served Mary Delamayne [...] an order of bitt to N. be Apeare here this day

