To the Right Honorable William Beckford Esquire Lord Mayor of the City of London.

The humble Petition of the Comon Council and Inquest men of the Precinct of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, in the Ward of Farringdon without in the said City & other Inhabitants of the same Precinct, whose names are hereto sub- scribed,

Sheweth That a comon Alehouse, Known by the sign of the One Tun, at the end of Field-Lane near Holborn bridge, in the said Precinct, has for a long time past, given great offence, and uneasiness to many of your Petitioners, and other reputable and substantial Inhabitants of Holborn-bridge, Holborn-hill, & the Neighborhood the said Alehouse being frequented, chiefly, & for the most part, by very disorderly and bad people, who dwell in, has cut, to iter about, and resort to Black-boy-alley, Check-lane, Field Lane & other such like places thereabout.

That the Comon-Council-men & Constables, have several times, within the last year or two, been at great trouble & some of pence in apprehending Street walkers, & other suspected persons, resorting to the said House & Neighborhood, & caused them to be taken before the Magistrates of the said City, to be dealt with, according to Law, in order and with design, if possible, by that means, to have the so great cause of offence discontinued, but have not been able so to do, by reason most of the persons so apprehended, have, by the lenity of the Magistrates, been dismissed unpunished.

That in regard there are in the said Precinct, & particularly, in that part of it, where the House, yor. Petitioners complain of, is situated, a great many other Alehouses, abundantly sufficient for every honest necessary purpose of an Alehouse, and which are not the Resorts of bad or suspicions People; And in regard the said House called the One Tun, from its situation, is not likely for the future, in yor. Petitioner's judgmt & opinion, while an Alehouse to be much resorted to by much better persons And might let very well for a Shop & Tradesman's house

Your Petitioners humbly request yor. Lordship, that the said House called The One Tun, now in the occupation of William Seller may not by [...] Licensed for an Alehouse

And yor. Petitioners will ever pray Etc

Thos. Tibbs John Hitchcock Rob: Gamen} Comon Colmen for St. Andrews Holborn

Wm Chamberlayne Jno Mansfield Saml Sharpe B Stephenson Wm. Watson Thos Satter Wm Axford John Fox Geo: Wyall Jno. Brome Tho Sainsbury Wm. Richard ford. Jno Adams} Inquest man of the parish of St. Andrew Holborn

Cutts Barton Rector

{Thos Jefferies forman John Dobey Wm Chamberlain Isaac Lucas Joshua Penndell Eustace Filler Willm Haughton Wm. Radcliffe Richd Bachurst Jno. Arnoll H Shuttleworth Henry Ladyman

