To the Right honourable Frederick Bull Esquire Lord Mayor of the City of London and the rest of his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the said City at the General Quarter Sessions assembled.

The humble Petition of Sundry of the Merchants of the City of London trading to virginia and Maryland.

Sheweth That at a General Sessions of Peace held by Adjournment on the Twenty sixth day of September one thousand seven hundred and Seventy two in Pursuance of a Petition of the Fellowship of Carmen of the said City this honourable Court was Pleased to regulate and Assess the Prices of the Carriage of the several Goods in the said Order Particularly mentioned

That by the said Rates and Assessments your Petitioners are charged and have ever since Paid for the Cartage of every Hogshead of Tobacco from the Waterside to your Petitioners respective Warehouses situate as underneath the Sum of one shilling and two Pence and from the said Warehouses to the Waterside one shilling.

That as the distance has been the Rule for fixing the rate of Cartage on all other Goods Your Petitioners humbly beg leave to recommend to the Notice of this honourable Court That the farthest of Your Petitioners Warehouses as appears by the annexed measurement does not exceed the distance of three Quarters of a Mile.

That the Prices of Cartage have been raised at various times, on divers Pretences and your Petitioners not being apprised of the late application, had no opportunity of opposing the same

That the high Price of Provender for Horses alledged by the Carmen in support of their application for an Increase of Cartage is now in a great Degree removed, and the Pavement so much improved that they can carry two Loads to most of these Warehouses within the same time they usually carried one to some others for which they demanded no greater Fare

That your Petitioners apprehend and humbly submit to this honourable Court that the Rate formerly paid vizt. one shilling Per Hogshead from the Waterside to any of your Petitioners Warehouses and Ten pence Per Hogshead from such Warehouses to the Waterside is an ample and sufficient Compensation as by that means each Cart which Generally carries three Hogsheads, earns three shillings for every turn from the waterside [...] two shillings and six pence for every two from such Warehouses to the Keys.

Your Petitioners therefore most humbly pray Your Lordships and Worships to regulate and assess the Price of Cartage of Tobacco to and from Your Petitioners Warehouses in such manner as to Your Lordship and Worships shall seem just and equitable

And your Petitioners shall ever pray Etc.

Measurement of the several Warehouses above referred to

Mile Furr Pale Yds.

John Hundman &Co

[...] distance of three Quarters of a Mill.

That the Prices of Cartage have been raised at various times, on divers Pretences and your Petitioners not being apprised of the late application, had no opportunity of opposing the same

That the high Price of Provender for Horses alledged by the Carmen in support of their application for an Increase of Cartage is now in a great Degree removed, and the Pavement so much improved that they can carry two Loads to most of these Warehouses within the same time they usually carried one to some others for which they demanded no greater Fare

That your Petitioners apprehend and humbly submit to this honourable Court that the Rate formerly Paid vizt. one shilling Per Hogshead from the Waterside to any of your Petitioners Warehouses and Ten Pence Per Hogshead from such Warehouses to the Waterside is an ample and Sufficient Compensation as by that means each Cart which Generally carries three Hogsheads, earns three Shillings for every turn from the waterside [...] two shillings and six pence [...] turn from such Warehouse to the Keys

Your Petitioners therefore most humbly Pray Your Lordship and Worships to regulate and assess the Price of Cartage of Tobacco to and from Your Petitioners Warehouses in such manner as to Your Lordship and Worships shall seem just and equitable

And your Petitioners shall ever Pray Etc.

Mile Furr Pole Yds.

Measurement of the several Warehouses above referred to

Brewers Key up Tower Dock through Seething Lane along Crutched Friars. {To Mortimers Yard Crutched Friars 0..3 24..3½ To Mr. Clays George Yard Towerhill 0 4..26 3½ To Warehouse Haydon Yard Minories 0..4..11..1½ To New Warehouse in Minories 0 4..2..1½ To White's Yard ditto 0..4..6..1½ To Little Chamber Street Goodman's Fields 0 4 38..1½ To Great ditto ditto 0 5 29 1½

John Hyndman & Co Saml. Gist Willm. Molleson Saml. Atharres Latham Arnold James Russell John Norton & Son Dun: Campbell Saml. Waterman Maur Griffith Dunlop Wilson Simon Frazer George Maynards

