To the Right Honble the Lord Mayor and the rest of the Justices of the City of London in the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said City Assembled.

The humble Petition of the Several Master Taylors whose Names are hereunto Subscribed on behalf of themselves and of the rest of the Master Taylors of the Same City and the Libertys thereof;

Sheweth That at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden by Adjournment for the said City at the Guildhall within the said City on Tuesday the 11th. day of May 1756 upon Hearing the Petition of several Master Taylors Complaining unto that Court That the Journeyman Taylors within the said City and Libertys thereof had Entred into a Combination to Raise their Wages and Comitted other Irregularities and praying such Relief as that Court Should think proper The Court thereupon by virtue of the Power vested in them by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the first Entitled An Act for Regulating the Journeyman Taylors within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, Did Order and Appoint That from that time the Hours of Work for all Journeyman Taylors Servants and Apprentices to Taylors and other Persons employed or to be employed or retained as Taylors in the making up Mens or Womens work within the said City and the said Act) be from six of the Clock in the Morning until Eight of the Clock at Night Excepting only that there should be allowed by the Master one Hour For Dinner in the time aforesaid and that for the time or hour of Work aforesaid there should be paid unto every Journeyman Taylor or other Person employed or to be employed or retained as a Journeyman Taylor (over and besides Three half pence for Breakfast which is allowed by the said Act) for his Work during the Hours aforesaid instead of the sums mentioned in the said Act The Wages and Sums following that is to say From that time until the 24th. day of June then next any sum not exceeding 2s. 6d. by the Day and from

from the said 24th. day of June until the 25th. day of March following any sum not exceeding 2s. 2d. by the Day and afterwards from every 25th day of March to the 24th day of June following any Sum not exceeding 2s.6d. by the Day And for the rest of the Year any Sum not exceeding 2s.2d. by the Day.

That your Petitioners do with all Thankfulness Acknowledge the Justice and Protection which the Lord Mayor and Alderman of the City of London have been pleased to Shew them on all occasions particularly your Lordship and the Present Alderman of the said City Notwithstanding which Your Petitioners are compelled to inform your Lordship and the rest of the Justices That the said Journeymen Taylors have since the making and publishing the said Order entered into several unlawful Combinations and Confederacies to increase their Wages and absolutely refuse to Work at the Prices settled by the said Order to the great Detriment of your Petitioners and which will tend to the Destruction and Ruin of your Petitioners and their said Trade.

Your Petitioners desireous to prevent such Exactions for the future most humbly Pray Your Lordship and the rest of the Justices to take the Premisses into Consideration and that You will be pleased to make such Order therein as to your Lordship and the rest of the Justices in your great Wisdom shall seem meet and proper.

And Your Petitioners (as in Duty bound) shall ever Pray Etc.

