To the Right Honble Sir Richard Glyn Knight. Lord Mayor of the City of London and the rest of his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the said City and Libertys thereof in their General Quarter Session assembled.

The humble Petition and Appeal of Richard Lateward Esqr. Barrington Buggin William Wickam Solomon Ashley Esqr. Hermanus Berens Henry Johnson John Manley Esqrs. William Black, Harry Spencer Esqr. William Lateward John Boyd, John Berens James Welford, Anne Dolliffe, Richard Bateman Charles Gore Esqr. and Sarah Chapman

Sheweth That your Petitioners are joint Propucetors Owners or Lossees by Lease or at will of divers Ware houses Houses Keys and wharfes Situate in the Parish of Saint Dunstan in the East in the City of London and as Occupiers thereof are rated and assessed in the poors Rate for and towards the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish.

That the Total of the Rate made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish for the last year ending at Easter 1758 did amount to £500.10.- And your Petitioners were that year rated for their Houses were houses Keys and wharfes in the Sum of £60:0:4. And that the Rate made for the present year from Easter 1758, to Easter 1759 for the Relief of the Poor of the Said Parish does amount in the whole to the Sum of £60 [...] :15:8 and your Petitioner are rated for the same Houses Ware houses Keys and Wharfes towards the same the Sum of £94.18 So that your Petitioners are (as they apprehend) greatly overated in regard they are raised above Twenty

Pounds more than they ought to be And the other Inhabitants of the said Parish are not equally rated and assessed with them wherefore your Petitioners humbly conceive they ought to be relieved against the said Rate for the Current year, the same being irregular Partial unjust and unequal, and finding themselves aggrieved thereby do appeal to your Lordship and Worships therefrom.

Your Petitioners therefore humbly pray your Lordship and Worships that you will be pleased to appoint a Day for the hearing and determining this appeal and that the said Rate made for the year Commencing at Easter 1758, and Ending at Easter 1759, may be Quashed or your Petitioners be reduced to an equal and Equitable Taxation or assessment with the other Inhabitants of the said Parish or that your Petitioners may be otherwise relieved in the premisses as to your Lordship and Worships shall seem meet and be found agreable to Equity and Justice.

And your Petitioners shall ever pray Etc

