To the Rt. Honble. Thomas Rawlinson Esqr. Lord Mayor of the City of London and the Rest of the Worshipful his Majestys Justices of the peace for the said City in their General Session of the peace Assembled.

The Humble Petition & appeal of John Dobey Citizen & Girdler of London.

Sheweth That your petr. lately became possessed of an Ancient Dwelling house scituate on the South side of Holborn in the City of London Adjoyning to a Certain dwelling house on the West side thereof belonging to one Mr. Johnsmark and to a Certain other Dwelling House on the East side thereof belonging to Mr. William Kutton & others.

That your Petrs. House was in great decay and the Toot passage in the street thereby rendred to very dangerous that he was obliged to pull it down and now wants to rebuild it: And for that purpose yor. Petr. in pursuance of the statute in such Case made and provided did on the 24th. day of July last give Notice to the said Mr. Smart & Mr. Hutton of the same, as also of pulling down the Old Timber partitions between them & your part and of rebuilding the same with New brick party Walls

That in further pursuance of the said Statute Your petr. & the sd. Mr. Smart & Mr. Hutton on the 7 day of August last with able Workmen had a View of the sd. Old Timber partitins, and the sd. Workmen Certified in Writing under their hands that it was their Opinion the same Old Timber partitions shod. remain & Continue, with such repairations only to be done there to as are mentioned in the said Writing, at the Joint Expence of the parties.

That notwithstanding the said Opinion of the sd. Workmen your petr. doth apprehend that as these are old Timber partitions they ought to be pulled quite down and new partition Walls of Brick carried up with the new building at the Joint expence of the Parties; And that if he should finish his New Building without so doing. Himself or the Builder thereof will Incner the penalty of Fifty pounds and be compellable to pull down the said New Building again

Therefore your Petitioner Conceiving himself much Aggrieved by the Opinion and certificate of the said Workmen Doth most humbly Appeal against the same and begs leave to apply to this Court for the Judgment of Your Lordship and Worships, Whether the said Old Timber

Partitions ought not to be Condemned and be pulled down and New Built as the said Statute in Such Case directs And for that Purpose Your Petitioner Humbly Hopes Your Lordship and Worships will take this matter into due Consideration and make such Order therein as to Your Lordship and Worships it Shall Seem most meet.

John Dobey

