To the Rt. honoble the Lord Mayor, and the rest of the Worshipfull, his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the City of London at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Same City Assembled.

The humble Petition and Appeal of the President, Treasurer, and Governors of Saint Bartholomews Hospital London

Sheweth, That St. Bartholomews Hospital situate in the Parish of St. Bartho: the less is of Antient, & Royal Foundation, established for the relief of the Sick, lame, wounded, & disseased Poor, where some thousand, are annually relieved & cared.

That soon after the great Fire of London houses and Shops were made in the Buildings within the Cloysters, & Precinct of the Hospital for the Conveninance of the Inhabitants of London (then in great distress for Houses) who Occupying the same for their own Benefit, became rateable, and chargeable to the Poor, Rates.

That about the year 1730 some of the Antient Buildings, & wards of the Hospital and Some of the sd. Houses & Shops having become ruinous, were pulled down, and by the Donation of Governors and other Benefactors four large Pyles of Buildings have been progressively erected and are now used for the Hospital, One of which Pyles, or wings contains a Hall, Counting house, and other Rooms, which are used for meetings of the Governors, receiving Rents, examining and admission of Patients, House for the Clerk, and an appartment for the Steward; and the other three Pyles of Building are used for Wards for the Patients and their Nurses only.

An Elaboratory also hath been erected for the Service of the Hospital only, upon Ground within the Liberty, & Precinct thereof.

that One of the said Pyles of building of the Hospital being finished about the year 1758. the Churchwardens & Overseers of the Poor of the Parish St. Bartholomew the less, assessed & rated he said Governors for such wards for the Poor the Sum of

twenty Pounds for & towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish , and have continued that Rate ever since: and have assessed, and rated the said Governors, to the said Parish Poors Rate two Pounds eight Shillings P Annum for, and in respect of such Elaboratory.

that All the said four Piles of Buildings being finished in 1766, the Governors pulled down nineteen Old houses & Shops, part of the said Antient Buildings to make an Area to the Hospital for the Benefit of the Patients, which is a void Space of Ground of about 66 yards by 60 for which the Parish Officers pave asessed, and rated the sd. Governors at £45:5s P Annum, and rated the sd. Sums of £2:8s:0 £20..0.0. and £45:5s..0 making in all 67..13..0 over & above what is charged upon their respective Officers residing in the Hospital was for the year 1767 and now continues to be assessed & rated on the said Governors in respect of the Premes

that the Petitioners as Governors of the sd. Hospital are advised, and humbly insist that they or their Officers are not lyable nor ought to be charged any thing to the Poors Rate in Respect of the said Buildings of the Hospital, Elaboratory, or void Peace of Ground

Therefore your Petitioners humbly appeal from such Rate, & Assessment in regard to the said above mentioned Sums of Money, And pray such Redress, & relief in the Premisses, as to this Court shall seem meet,

And shall ever Pray.

