To the Right Honble. S Robert Burchcrofft Kt. Lord Mayor of the City of London on. To his Worshipfull Bretheren the Aldermen & Record of said City.

The humble Petition of Robert Palmer Chirurgeon and Citiren of London now a Prison in the Poultry Compter.

Sheweth That your poor Petitioner in the year 1708 last past being [...] one John Haynes had a note pretended to be Signed by Yr. Peticoner for the Sum of [...] Chage directly indirectly wth. the abovemenconed John Haynes Sumoned the sd John Haynes before William [...] the Lord Mayor before whom ye Petitionr made Oath that the aforesd Note of Five pounds was not Signd by Yr Petitioner and comparing of Hands writing of both Ye. Peticoner and the sd John Haynes it was then the opinion of Sr. William Withers that the Hand writing of the sd Note was Withers was then pleasd to Say Yr. Petitioner might legally prosecute the sd John Haynes But ye. Petitionr. through great Losses and misfortunes being involvd. in Debt was arrested and imprizoning this Compter during which time the sd John Haynes brought an Indictment for Perjury agt Yr. Petitionr and a Committment thereupon from the Recorder in the year 1710 Since which time Your Petitionr. has endor'd great Hardships by long and sedians sie nife, want of almost all manner of necessarys destitute of Friends and monys, the truth of which has been related to all his Creditors and they in Compassion to Yr. Petitionr discharg'd Yr. Petitionr. from all Debts Etc above Four months past Yr. humble Petitioner therefore has been confir'd ever Since upon no other Account wht ever but the aforesd. Indictment & Comittment And for want of monys or Friends to assist Yr Petitionr legally to discharge himself from thin very malitions Indictmt. & Committmt. yr. poor Petitionr. has Suffer'd So much Your poor Petitionr. eid humbly offer his Petition to yr. Lordship humbly craving leave and an order to be brought to this Honble. Court this Sessions but fearing least multiplicity of business might occasion yr. Petitionr. to be forgotten

Therefore yr Petitionr. once more humbly beseeches that he may yet of have an Order to be brought up to this Honble. Court to plead to the aforesaid indictment Yr. Petitionr. having legally Sumon'd the sd John Haynes to appear

And ye poor Petitionr. as in Duty bound Shall ever pray Etc.

