To the Rt. Honoble Sr. Francis Child Knt. Lord Maior of the City of London And to the Rt. Worll. The rest of his Maties. Justices of the Peace in the Generall Quarter Sessions Assembled

The humble peticon and Appeale of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poore of the Parish of St. Mary Woolnoth London

Sheweth That by virtue of a Warrant under the hands and Seales of twoe of his Maties. Justices of the Peace within the City of London (Quor unus) bearing date the 27th. day of August 1699 One William Radford was brought to yor. Petrs. by the Churchwardens of St. John Baptist London To be pvided for upon the Oath of Elizabeth Radford That the said William Radford was in November 1697 bound Appntice to Thomas Chippin Cn. and Cooke dwelling in the Parish of St. Mary Woolnoth whome he Served for some time being the last legall settlement as is therein Suggested Whereas in Truth the said William Radford sonne of Robert Radford an Inhabitant in the Parish of St. John Baptist having gotten his sonne William to be receiv'd into Christs Hospitall The said William on the 6th. May 1692 was bound out thence an Appntice to his said Father for Seaven yeares by the Trer of the Hospll. who gave his said Father £4. thereupon And that afterwards the said Father bound his sonne to the said Thomas Chippin by another Indenture in Novembr 1697 The first Indenture not being determined wth. whom hee continued untill Aprill 1698 Att wch. tyme the Indenture last menconed was by consent cancelled And the said William returned to the said Pish of St. John Baptist where he hath remained ever since & settled According to the Lawe.

Yor. Petrs. therefore humbly pray yor. Honor. & Worpps. to hear the [...] And Order the said Churchwardens & Overseers of the Poore of the Parish of St. John Baptist to Appear here before yor. And to send the said Wm. Radford to the said Pish of St. John Baptist to be there kept & pvided untill They can free themselves of the charge thereof by due course of Lawe

And They Shall Ever pray Etc

