For Appellants Between: Saint Leonard Shoreditch Middlesex Appellants. and Saint Mary Woolchurch Haw Londn. respondents.

To the right Worship full his majesty's Justices at the Peace for the City of London at the General quarter Session of the Peace assembled.

The Humble Petition and appeal of the Churchwards. and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch in the County of Middlesex

Sheweth. That by a warrant, Order, or Vagrant Pass, under the hand and Seal of Thomas Hallifax Esquire one of his majesty's Justices of the peace in and for the said City of London bearing date the 14th. day of March 1777 Catharine Smith Singlewoman was removed and Conveyed from and out of the Parish of Saint Mary Wool Church Haw in the City of London aforesaid to the said Parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch in the County of Middlesex as the place of the last legal Settlement of the said Catharine Smith

Your Petitioners Conceiving themselves aggrieved by the said Order or Vagrant Pass Do humbly appeal To this Court against the same Praying such relief in the Premisses as to this Court shall Seem meet.

And your Petitioners shall Ever pray Etc.

Case.

The Pauper swore that she belonged to Shoreditch Parish by her Fathers renting a House there, The Father did rent a House in Shoreditch Parish and Pauper would have belonged thereto, But the Officers of Shoreditch Parish some years ago Bound Pauper out apprentice to one John Chitlin of Saint Martins le Grand Shoemaker who afterwards removed into Saint Giles's Parish in the Fields where Pauper left her said Master.

Pauper becoming afterwards Chargeable to Shoreditch Parish She was by a regular order of removal & removed to Saint Giles's Parish in February 1772 which Order was never appealed against And to which Parish Pauper belongs.

The Indentures were never Cancelled or given up Neither has Pauper Ever been a Servant or done [...] whereby to gain her as Subseqt: Settlement (Vide order left herewith)

Please to Pray for Costs.

