For the Appellants To the Right Honble The Lord Mayor and the rest of the Worshipful his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the same City Assembled.

The humble Petition and Appeal of the Mayor Commonalty & Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the House of the Poor commonly called St. Bartholomews Hospital near West Smithfield London of the Foundation of King Henry the Eighth.

Sheweth That St Bartholomews Hospl. Situate in the Parish of St. Baratholomew The less is of Antient & Royal Foundation Established & granted by King Henry the Eighth for the Relief of Sick, Lame, Wounded & diseased Poor were some Thousands are Annually Releived and Cured.

That soon after the great Fire of Lord, Houses & Shops were made in the Buildings within the Cloisters and Precinct of the Hospl, for the convenience of the Inhabitants of London (then in great distress for Houses) who Occupying the same for their own benefit because Rateable & Chargeable to the Poors Rates.

That about the Year 1730, some of the Antient Buildings and Wards of the Hospital & some of the said Houses and Shops having become Ruinous were pulled down and by the Donation of Governors & other benefactors four large Pyles of Buildings have been progressibly Erected & are now used for the Hospital one of which Pyles or Wings contains a Hall Compting House and other Rooms which are used for meetings of the Governors, receiving Rests Examining and Admission of Patients, House for the Clerk and an apartment for the stow and and then other three Pyles of Buildings are used for Wards for the Parients and their Nurses only.

An Elaboratory also hath been erected for the Service of the Hospital only upon Grand within the liberty & Prescinct thereof.

That One of the Pyles or Buildings of the Hospl. being finished about the Year 1758, the Church Wardens & Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. Bartholomew the less Assessed & Rated the said Governors for such Wards for the Poor the Sum of £20. for & towards the relief of the Poor of the sd; Parish as & for Lands in which stood Tenements & Houses by them pulled down and Demolished the Tenements whereof were used to be charged in the Poors rate

2. Rate at 8s..4d. Weekly & have continued that Rate ever since and have Assessed & Rated the said Governors to the said Parish Poors Rate £2.8s. P Ann. for and in respect of such Elaboratory were Houses stood which used to be charged to the Poors Rate by Quarterly Assessments.

3. That all the sd. Four Pyles of Buildings being finished in 1766 the Governors pulled down 19. Old Houses & Shops (part of the said Antient Buildings) to make an Area to the Hospl. for the benefit of the Patients which is a wide space of Ground of about 66. Yards by 60. for the which the Parish Officers have assessed & Rated then said Govds. at £41,,5s,,4 P Annum which is £10..6s..3d £ Quarter And which said Sums of £2,,8s. £20. and £41,,5s. making in all £63,,13s. (over & above what is charged upon their Respective Officers) residing in the Hospital was for the Year 1767 & now continues to be Assessed & Rated on the said Governors in respect of the Premisses.

That Your Petitioners are advised and humbly insist that they or their Officers are not liable nor ought to be charged any thing to the Poors Rate in Respect of the said Buildings of the Hospital Elaboratory or void space of Ground.

Therefore Your Petitioners humbly Appeal from such Rate and Assessment in regard to there said above mentioned Sums of Moving & pray such retress and Relief in the Premisses as to this Court shall seem meet.

And shall ever pray.

